this was precisely what i envisioned when i authored an amendment to the farm bill , requiring the usda to research & promote the benefits of wood as an environmentally beneficial building material . it opens up new markets for wood products , and ensures our northern minnesota forest industry creates and sustains good-paying jobs well into the future .		national		neutral		N000127		facebook		support
great kilmer at your company today - holding a town hall with employees at five star automotive in aberdeen .		constituency		neutral		K000381		facebook		constituency
@sschwarz07 ok . article u attached about so-called plight of polar bears proclaimed litany of " could be " horrible threats to bears , not real		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
it was great to be in hoboken today mt @susanlisovicz thanks for hanging out in hoboken today . good luck in november ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
in the news ‰ ű_ " on capitol hill , conservatives including north carolina rep . renee ellmers are making a major push to pull funding for obamacare . ‰ űť		national		partisan		E000291		facebook		information
via @wsj : obama's " energy taxes and mandates that will ensure fewer jobs , still lower incomes and slower growth . " <http>		national		partisan		C000059		twitter		personal
not one of the medical experts who testified at our hearing yesterday said what is needed to stop the spread of the ebola virus is a czar , spokesman or campaign operative with no relevant experience telling them what to do . we need leadership from the president and changes to the current policies to end the scourge of ebola here and in western africa . my full statement online :		national		neutral		M001151		facebook		policy
today's jobs report shows the economy is headed in the right direction , but congress should not interfere with more self-inflicted wounds . the budget committee needs to end sequestration , protect unemployment insurance , and invest in programs such as education and infrastructure that support american jobs .		national		neutral		P000607		facebook		policy
honored to work with @deptvetaffairs sec . robert mcdonald to ensure our veterans receive the highest quality care . <http>		national		neutral		L000551		twitter		support
#tbt to a rainy day in fall 2011 greeting veterans from music city honor flight outside the world war ii memorial . what a special day ! the house passed legislation to reopen these monuments across the country yesterday . i hope the senate will follow suit . <http>		national		neutral		B001273		facebook		support
senator and mrs . grassley received the rob borsellino community service award at the beth el jacob synagogue 10th annual awards dinner and gala in des moines on sunday night . the grassleys were honored for their dedication to jewish freedom , support of the state of israel and worldwide jewry . more information can be found here : <http>		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		information
voted to defund #obamacare today . #senatemustact		national		partisan		G000289		twitter		policy
some people continue to defend trickle-down theories ... - @pontifex <http>		national		neutral		S000033		twitter		personal
joining @mitchelreports on msnbc at 1:05 pm today to discuss national security & #hagel secdef nomination .		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		personal
sad to see @noahsimon2012 leave the @apsvirginia board . he's always worked tirelessly for arlington's students .		constituency		neutral		M000933		twitter		personal
instead of keeping the house out of session this week , house leadership should let us vote to extend unemployment insurance to help 25,000 washington jobseekers .		national		neutral		H001064		facebook		support
share this #goodnews with your friends . after close to seven decades , rich birs , a 94 - year-old resident of portage , finally received the purple heart he earned in the battle of okinawa during world war ii .		constituency		neutral		D000607		facebook		support
supporting #fast4families on the ' national day to act , fast and pray ' for immigration reform #timeisnow <http>		national		partisan		L000580		twitter		policy
please join me and special guest donald kinosz , mayor of the city of lower burrell , this friday , july 26th for " coffee with keith " at crouse's family diner . stop by to share your thoughts on legislation , to get help with a federal agency , or just to chat . we want to hear from you !		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		support
the recent joint climate change agreement between the u . s . and china is an important step toward reaching a global solution . with the commitment from the two largest sources of carbon emissions to curb pollutants , we need to build on this progress .		national		neutral		D000399		facebook		support
great article via @peoplesworld on #mlkday in #seattle . i spoke about raising min wage + reducing #incomeinequality <http>		national		neutral		S000510		twitter		policy
the u . s . is on an unsustainable fiscal path . listening to a report from cbo at the first @senatebudget committee meeting of this congress .		national		partisan		C000880		twitter		policy
today , i got a chance to visit the junior achievement finance park in fairfax , va . these facilities are driving a new age of education that will help lift communities , and teach students the keys to financial success at an early age . i'm excited that we'll have one in maryland soon !		national		neutral		C000984		facebook		information
i'll continue working for strong bipartisan comprehensive #immigrationreform plan including #dreamact w support of groups like @ct4adream		national		neutral		B001277		twitter		policy
obama plans to attack the second amendment ( gun ownership rights ) with 19 executive orders . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		policy
on #earthday , we must think globally and act locally to protect our environment .		national		neutral		E000179		twitter		personal
this morning , sen . alexander met with allyssa de jong , a patient at st . jude children ‰ űşs research hospital in memphis , and her mother , angela de jong-angelici , to hear about their experience at the hospital and allyssa ‰ űşs ongoing treatment for melanoma .		national		neutral		A000360		facebook		support
american cures will enable us scientists to lead world in medical research so we can discover the next great breakthrough		national		neutral		D000563		twitter		policy
enjoyed meeting some constituents at spanky's homemade ice cream & deli in salisbury yesterday afternoon .		national		neutral		F000450		facebook		other
$ 40 million of u . s . taxpayer money went to producing tv commercials instead of helping sandy victims .		national		partisan		H001057		facebook		policy
wishing #mo native and @nasa astronaut @astroillini the best of luck on his mission . <http>		national		neutral		M001170		twitter		personal
i enjoyed celebrating the retirement of my good friend susan mearns , the hudson county division chief of housing and community development yesterday . while i was there i had the opportunity to speak with the new hudson county director of health and human services , darice toon , regarding my legislation , the new opportunities for bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure financing act . i look forward to working with darice in the future and wish susan all the best in her retirement .		national		neutral		S001165		facebook		personal
delegation met with dr . araket , the chief negotiator from the palestinian authority today , after meeting with israeli government officials yesterday .		national		neutral		P000608		facebook		support
today's supreme court ruling breathes new life into one of our most important freedoms and eliminates one of the most destructive aspects of obamacare . to read my full press statement , please click here :		national		partisan		L000573		facebook		policy
rt @mlivedetroit : gm design team auto show delivers a mix of modern , classic beauties <http> #dreamcruise		national		neutral		H001058		twitter		personal
the house passed 3 bills to give students greater access to a quality education . students are america ‰ űşs future . <http>		national		neutral		B001257		twitter		policy
#proddenergy here's the thing : oil & wind don't compete . yet @stabenow said this morning that " wind needs to catch up . "		national		neutral		P000602		twitter		policy
we will vote on the working families flexibility act . would you like the flexibility to choose how you're comp'd for overtime ? #yourtime		national		neutral		B001280		twitter		policy
read my statement on #epa ‰ űşs new rules for existing power plants here : <http>		national		partisan		H001061		twitter		policy
v disappointed senate blocked student loan affordability act to prevent student loan interest rates fr doubling on 7/1 #dontdoubletheirrates		national		partisan		G000555		twitter		policy
i am so proud to have joined the centro de trabajadores unidos to celebrate our newest citizens ! this is a nation of immigrants and i will continue to work in washington to bring comprehensive immigration reform .		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		support
. @hassanrouhani , when will you release the seven baha'i leaders ; learn more about their case here , <http>		national		neutral		K000360		twitter		support
mary burns sent this photo : shopping at dana's flower basket in san mateo .		national		neutral		S001175		facebook		personal
my reason # 5 why the holidays in new mexico can ‰ űşt be beat : you can choose between skiing powder in taos or tanning on powdered gypsum at white sands .		national		neutral		H001046		facebook		information
happy friday pennsylvania ! here's your weekly update . for inbox delivery , see <http> . thanks for reading !		constituency		neutral		T000461		facebook		personal
will talk to eric bolling , guest hosting for hannity tonight at 9pm cdt , about isis and president obama's press briefing today .		national		neutral		G000552		facebook		policy
happy 90th to jack davis of #madison . celebrating today in #guilford with wonderful family and community grateful for boundless service .		constituency		neutral		B001277		twitter		personal
thanks to jill #tahmooressi for her courage while testifying about her son andrew today : <http> #bringbackourmarine		national		neutral		R000487		facebook		personal
i am proud to join my colleagues today to unveil the @usprogressives caucus #betteroff budget .		constituency		neutral		P000607		twitter		policy
interested in a free health screening ? join @mdcollege medical campus community health fair sat feb 22 ! #mdc #miami <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
i voted yes on the rohrabacher of ca amendment 25 to #hr4660 , which prohibits funding in the bill from being used by the department of justice to prevent certain states ‰ űóincluding michigan ‰ űófrom implementing state laws " that authorize the use , distribution , possession , or cultivation of medical marijuana . " i am a cosponsor of the amendment . the amendment is nearly identical to rep . rohrabacher's amendment from 2012 , which i also supported . here's my previous vote explanation : <http> . two years ago , the amendment failed 163-262 . this year , the amendment was agreed to 219-189 .		national		partisan		A000367		facebook		policy
we applaud and thank president obama and his administration for continuing to fight against stigma by issuing this critically important proclamation . we must continue to work toward erasing stigma and promote mental wellness so all who are suffering know it is okay to seek help . in may we pay special recognition to the critical efforts of the mental health community and thank them for all their hard work throughout the year . we urge everyone to join in support for mental health awareness by wearing lime green this may . 1.usa.gov/1ftbtcb		national		partisan		N000179		facebook		policy
i was on nbc nightly news tonight discussing tsa's behavioral detection program . check out the video below .		national		neutral		M001157		facebook		media
waffle house dinner with my bride ! love breakfast food for supper !		national		neutral		D000615		twitter		personal
another example of a president who refuses to enforce laws that don't suit his agenda .		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
wishing all of my jewish friends and constituents a happy and healthy year to come as rosh hashanah celebrations continue . l'shanah tovah ( happy new year ) !		constituency		neutral		D000612		facebook		personal
think of the sacrifices the men and women of america's armed forces have made this weekend . think of how they have come before the guns of battle and put on our nation ‰ űşs uniform to defend our beloved country .		national		neutral		M001151		facebook		other
#showsomelove on #valentinesday to our nc gop congressional delegation with a #ff @howardcoble @patrickmchenry @repwalterjones @virginiafoxx		national		neutral		E000291		twitter		policy
se hacen entrevistas de trabajo allě _ mismo para poder empezar a trabajar hoy . <http>		constituency		neutral		C001097		facebook		information
i am very pleased that the mahoning juvenile court is taking the proper steps to address #mentalhealth <http> @vindicator		national		neutral		R000577		twitter		policy
do you want to get people in the san fernando valley excited about reading ? or do you know a library , museum , college or organization that does ? check out the big read , a great program by the national endowment for the arts that gives organizations grants to inspire their community to read . you can now apply for 2015-2016 grants ‰ űň click here to find out how : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001097		facebook		policy
we need campaign finance reform that empowers all americans in our electoral process .		national		neutral		L000559		facebook		policy
6pm tele-town hall . share your thoughts abt the shutdown & debt ceiling proposal 855-269-4484 #nc09 #clt #ncpol		national		partisan		P000606		twitter		mobilization
fema's announcement that it will provide additional cost sharing for reimbursements to new jersey municipalities confirms what we knew all along ‰ űň sandy was a storm of epic proportions that caused widespread and severe damage . with the additional reimbursements from fema , our communities will be able to rebuild stronger than they otherwise might be able to and will take smaller financial hits during that process .		constituency		neutral		P000034		facebook		policy
heidi and i send our thoughts and prayers to the families of the 19 brave firefighters who lost their lives battling wildfires in arizona .		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		personal
condolences to the family of captain jim henry , who passed away today at the age of 99 . his book , " in a fisherman's language , " which he published at the age of 98 - - just seven years after he learned to read--is a story that will inspire all of us . it was a privilege to meet him and his beautiful family , and to help the library of congress to accept his work . fair winds and safe journey , captain jim .		national		neutral		C001069		facebook		support
now : find out what #hamas ' capabilities are + how it is financed w @jschanzer @afpc_org @stevenacook @followfdd <http>		national		partisan		R000435		facebook		information
an important message from congressman gutierrez on the president's #immigration accountability executive action .		national		neutral		G000535		facebook		policy
glad to meet #nj's @senateyouth leaders allison berger from madison & rafael nunez from irvington in dc for #ussyp <http>		constituency		neutral		M000639		twitter		personal
myth # 2 : raising the mn wage is a liberal issue . not true : ‰ űďvoters in red and blue states have consistently supported it ‰ űť new jersey 2013 .		national		partisan		E000288		twitter		policy
this afternoon , senator joe donnelly will take the senate floor and call on congress to stop with the partisan fighting and focus on creating jobs for america ‰ űşs workforce .		national		neutral		D000607		facebook		policy
the department of labor today announced that the economy added 192,000 jobs in the month of march , the 49th straight month of private sector job growth . today's report shows that we are on the right path and moving in the right direction . however , millions of americans are being left behind ‰ űówomen are unfairly paid less than their male counterparts , countless others are paid an unlivable minimum wage , or simply cut adrift from the safety net of unemployment insurance . congress must do more to create jobs and build an economy that benefits all americans . see the whole report : <http>		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		information
i'm so pleased sylvia mathews burwell , a native west virginian and current director of the office of management and budget , has been nominated as the next secretary for the department of health and human services . sylvia ‰ űşs experience in both the public and private sector , matched with the bipartisan relationships she has built over the years , shows that she is a public servant ready to take on this country ‰ űşs challenges . i'm confident that her leadership will ensure that we enact commonsense fixes to the affordable care act to help improve the lives of millions of americans . <http>		national		neutral		M001183		facebook		information
57 % of americans don't trust #obamacare with their personal data #senatemustact		national		partisan		M001181		twitter		attack
tks to margaret 4 joining me in dc to share successes niskayuna ncap saw in education & prevention of substance abuse <http>		national		partisan		T000469		twitter		support
it was a pleasure visiting with del monte foods employees in topeka yesterday . it was great learning more about the history of the half million square foot facility and the products they make there .		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		support
in 2005 , banking lobbyists successfully convinced congress to remove bankruptcy protections for private student loan borrowers . today in a banking committee hearing , i asked a top banking lobbyist : if struggling student loan borrowers can't discharge their loans in bankruptcy , and banks won ‰ űşt let them modify their loans , what are they supposed to do ? watch what he said . <http>		national		partisan		W000817		facebook		policy
thank you to everyone who made it out to the community coffee chat today in roma , tx . it's always a pleasure meeting and speaking with all of you !		constituency		neutral		C001063		facebook		policy
check out my latest interview with @gretawire on #irsscandal , lois lerner's blackberry <http> @foxnews #tcot		national		partisan		J000289		twitter		media
we are running late . heading there now . the mayor vs me . rt @theclimatehawk we showed up at the showdown . watch out for hole 6 !		national		partisan		B001288		twitter		media
re ed snowden : european ambassadors consensus : " we want privacy , but we must have u . s . intelligence . " more <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		other
our casework team is in ahwatukee today at the pecos community center ( 17010 s 48th st , phoenix , az ) from 11a - 2p . we can help #az09 residents with issues involving any federal agency .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
honored to present navy veteran frederick clark , jr . with the national defense service medal , sea service deployment ribbon , and honorable service lapel pin . thank you for your service to our country .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		support
@jaykravetz great to bump into you jay !		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
las familias del valle de san fernando pueden obtener cobertura mě © dica si no tienen seguro , y pueden buscar planes distintos si quieren cambiar . vaya a coveredca.com/espanol para ver los planes que hay disponibles , y si tiene alguna pregunta llame al 1-800-300-0213 o vaya a coveredca.com/espanol/get-help para contactar a un consejero que le pueda ayudar a navegar el sistema . podrěán ayudarle a encontrar el mejor plan para su presupuesto .		constituency		partisan		C001097		facebook		policy
@nikkibama hate is a strong word but thanks for at least liking #fridaykitty		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		personal
pray for boston , the victims and their families in this difficult time .		national		neutral		L000573		facebook		personal
pleased to join california edition's brad pomerance to discuss immigration reform , which you can watch online here : <http>		national		neutral		D000612		twitter		media
reminder that all congressional art competition submissions are due april 19th ! visit our website for more info : <http>		national		neutral		R000578		twitter		support
another #bhm heroine : mamie clark , psychologist & activist , whose research helped end racial segregation in schools bit.ly/1nxhekj		national		neutral		P000034		facebook		personal
at 2pm ct , the house committee on rules - republicans will meet on amendments to the national defense authorization act . watch our hearing live online : <http>		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		policy
good being with you rt @bruceanddan : pleased to be joined now by @rephultgren to discuss the vote on the keystone xl pipeline . @wlsam890		national		neutral		H001059		twitter		media
today marks the anniversary of the boston marathon bombing . please join me in taking a moment to remember the lives lost and to honor the survivors . follow live updates on the one-year anniversary here :		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		personal
a crawfordsville woman with cancer is suffering because president obama lied about her obamacare choices .		constituency		partisan		R000592		facebook		policy
honored to meet father & son veterans ssgt gregory juedes & lcpl alex juedes - thank you for your service ! <http>		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		support
if you are in dc tomorrow & want to #makegovernmentwork , join us #problemsolvers in showing america that some of us are here to #fixnotfight		national		neutral		S001180		twitter		mobilization
every day there is a new drawing on my dc exec assistant's door . going to start sharing a few . <http>		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		personal
going on the floor to argue for hr 253 my y mountain access enhancement act		national		partisan		C001076		twitter		support
is that delight or terror mt @lyndawoolard can u see my delight when cory taught me how 2 take a selfie in yesterday ? <http>		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
this week's topics : president allows nations with emerging economies to pick carcass of u . s . economy , and the va .		national		neutral		G000568		facebook		personal
a labor leader calls the obama admin ‰ űşs failures on #keystonexl ‰ űďgutless ‰ űť & ‰ űďpolitics at its worst . rt if you agree . <http>		national		partisan		H000338		twitter		attack
wow . please read this . and then please share it .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		mobilization
. @colsgachamber rt : happy to announce my membership with the congressional defense communities caucus . #veterans		national		neutral		B000490		twitter		personal
the fbi ‰ űň federal bureau of investigation's ' cross county viii ' operation rescued 168 children from #humantrafficking ‰ űó some as young as 11 years old , and some having never been reported missing . trafficking is a very real problem , thankfully there is a dedicated coalition of local volunteers and professionals , law enforcement and lawmakers working to address it . learn more about what i'm working on : <http>		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		support
i was honored to speak with chick galella and julius schultz today at the hudson valley honor flight for wwii veterans at the westchester county airport . we must always remember the heroic efforts of those brave soldiers who lost their lives , the veterans from the greatest generation who remain with us today , and all veterans and service members who share the same devotion to the principles of freedom . we must honor the commitments our veterans for their service to our great nation . i ‰ űşm proud to have handled more than 2,100 cases to help veterans directly get the services , medals , and benefits they have earned . if you are a veteran and need assistance , please contact my white plains office (914-428-1707 ) or my new city office (845-639-3485 ) .		national		neutral		L000480		facebook		other
thanks to @undeerc for the tour last week <http>		national		neutral		C001096		twitter		support
yesterday , rep . mike quigley , rep . jan schakowsky and i released a statement voicing our disappointment for the faa ‰ űşs response to our letter regarding noise levels at and around o ‰ űşhare international airport . get the full story here : <http>		national		neutral		D000622		facebook		attack
senator ayotte released the following statement regarding the department of veterans affairs patient access audit released today , which found that more than 57,000 veterans are currently waiting for appointments at va facilities across the country . the report indicated that the va medical center in manchester and the va hospital in white river junction , both of which serve new hampshire veterans , are not among those flagged for further review and investigation . ‰ űďno veteran should have to wait more than 90 days for an appointment , and new hampshire veterans should be given the choice of seeing a private provider so they don ‰ űşt have to wait in line or be forced to travel hours to seek care , ‰ űť said senator ayotte . ‰ űďthe bipartisan va reform legislation being crafted in the senate will help address the systemic , nationwide problems detailed in the audit released today , and i ‰ űşm hopeful the senate will quickly take up this legislation once it ‰ űşs finalized to make sure veterans can get the timely care they deserve . ‰ űť		national		neutral		A000368		facebook		policy
at 9 a . m . , the va committee will take steps to subpoena information regarding va ‰ űşs admitted destruction of a document department officials have speculated may be the ‰ űďsecret ‰ űť list cited by phoenix va health care system whistleblowers . you can watch the proceedings live at www.veterans.house.gov		national		neutral		M001144		facebook		support
so awesome ! powerful video mt @gayleking bravo @hodakotb this is a genius idea , click on link u'll see what i mean <http> ‰ ű_		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
rt this to show your support for keeping children in families first & ask others to #supportchiff <http>		national		neutral		L000550		twitter		support
good luck to the athens high school football team in tonight ‰ űşs #ohio state championship game at the shoe . congrats on an amazing season and #gobulldogs !		national		neutral		S001187		facebook		personal
<http>		national		partisan		P000601		facebook		policy
‰ űďevery unborn child , though unjustly condemned to be aborted , has the face of the lord , who even before his birth , and then as soon as he was born , experienced the rejection of the world . ‰ űť - pope francis		national		partisan		W000814		facebook		information
rep . mckinley votes for fair , bipartisan government funding bill funding bill . washington , d . c . ‰ űótoday , rep . david b . mckinley ( r-wv ) voted for the consolidated appropriations act of 2014 ( h . r . 3547 ) which funds the federal government through the end of september 2014 . ‰ űďthis is not a perfect bill but it ‰ űşs good for rural america and avoids another government shutdown , ‰ űť said rep . mckinley . ‰ űďspending is lower than when president obama took office so we ‰ űşre making progress , but there ‰ űşs still a lot more to be done . ‰ űť ‰ űďadopting a budget for the first time since the president took office puts spending priorities back in the control of congress rather than at the discretion of the president , ‰ űť added mckinley . ‰ űďcongress can now focus on rooting out government waste and abuse and meet our priority of cutting the deficit . ‰ űť some of the highlights of the funding bill benefitting the first district : ‰ ű ˘ no new funding for obamacare ( affordable care act ); reduces ‰ űďslush funds ‰ űť by $ 1 billion ; and cuts $ 10 billion in funding for the independent payment advisory board ( ipab ) created by obamacare . ‰ ű ˘ provides an additional $ 132 million for fossil fuel research and development at the national energy technology laboratory ( netl ) in morgantown . ‰ ű ˘ reduces epa funding by $ 2.1 billion by scaling back regulatory overreach while enhancing oversight on climate change programs and the mining permit process . ‰ ű ˘ includes a military retiree pension ‰ űďfix ‰ űť to ensure disabled veterans and surviving families receive the full benefits they are due . ‰ ű ˘ increases funding for the appalachian regional commission ( arc ) by $ 12 million . ‰ ű ˘ provides over $ 3 billion for the community development block grant program ( cdbg ) . ‰ ű ˘ prevents the export-import bank and the overseas private investment corp . from prohibiting funding for international coal plant projects . ‰ űďafter voting against the budget proposal in december , the committee listened to our objections and reworked this bill making it more acceptable , ‰ űť said mckinley . ‰ űďnow it provides needed funds for areas like the first district and makes targeted cuts to broken programs . this proves congress can come together to get the work done the american public elected us to do . ‰ űť		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		information
we were promised obamacare would save money . now we know it will cost money . in just two short years , the projected ten-year cost of the federal government ‰ űşs health care takeover has ballooned from $ 940 billion to $ 1.76 trillion . we were promised it would help a struggling economy . now we know it will smother the economy .		national		partisan		L000577		facebook		policy
the keystone xl pipeline has been delayed for 6 years , far too long for a job creating measure .		national		neutral		B001257		facebook		policy
the #obummereconomy #fastfoodrecovery is the worst since the great <http> :/ / goo.gl/vyhhl2		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		policy
visited the national weather service installation in #taunton to discuss how climate change can impact our rivers in the 4th district through increased rainfall and other extreme weather .		constituency		neutral		K000379		facebook		policy
today is throwback thursday so i thought i'd share this picture from just a couple thanksgivings ago . can you guess which kiddo in this photo is me ? #tbt		national		neutral		R000582		facebook		personal
video : discussing the " no budget , no pay act " at the anderson rotary club . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001284		twitter		media
the need for action on climate change is undeniable .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		policy
shopping is done , now the hard part starts : living on an average snap budget of $ 4.50 a day , which breaks down to $ 1.50 a meal . i'm doing this challenge to highlight the proposed $ 20.5 billion in cuts to nutrition programs republicans have proposed . these cuts are the wrong approach and hurt the most vulnerable among us , including children . will you join me ?		national		partisan		V000131		facebook		policy
what changes the heart of a member of congress once he is sworn into office ? <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
great meeting with n . c . doctors from @aaohnsgovtaffrs today ! <http>		constituency		neutral		H001065		twitter		media
almost one year since the senate passed comprehensive immigration reform . the #timeisnow for the house to act ! <http>		national		partisan		V000128		twitter		policy
met w / leanza bethel , an @americanu student from garland to congratulate her on receiving a boren scholarship . photo : <http>		national		neutral		S000250		twitter		media
instead of fighting a war on #cancer , tea party is waging a war on cancer patients <http>		constituency		neutral		H001038		twitter		information
we need to do more . we need to increase the minimum wage . we need to give women equal pay for equal work . we need to make sure that those americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own don ‰ űşt find that those emergency unemployment benefits that they were counting on to get back on their feet , are destroyed and never available . we don ‰ űşt have time to waste . #raisethewage #renewui #timeisnow #equalpay		national		neutral		B000287		facebook		policy
contrary to common belief , the average minimum wage worker isn ‰ űşt a teenager earning a little extra cash . <http>		national		partisan		R000146		twitter		policy
read more about my visit to st clair county today : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000575		twitter		media
watch : @repdankildee on house floor discussing bipartisan legislation to #renewui ‰ ő <http> #hope4jobs		national		neutral		K000380		twitter		media
in westfield today for the dedication ceremony of the william t . trant post office . trant was a world war ii veteran and former post master . from there , i took a tour of the boys and girls club of greater westfield with executive director william parks , president of the board of directors bo sullivan , and state representative john velis .		national		neutral		N000015		facebook		support
i wrote an article reviewing the progress made on immigration reform for today's issue of roll call . so far , with few exceptions , the nine principles on immigration reform identified by the hispanic caucus are being adhered to . i have highlighted a few in the article below : <http>		constituency		partisan		G000535		facebook		support
passing a serious employment agenda like the american jobs act would create up to 2 million jobs <http>		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		support
another effect of obamacare - <http>		national		partisan		B001243		facebook		policy
yesterday , i held a reception at csu dominguez hills for the participants of this year's 44th congressional district art competition . the students are now among the more than 650,000 high school students that have participated in this national competition since 1982 . a special congratulations to this year's award recipients ‰ űó marlene landeros , emmanuel machuca and alejandra chavez .		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		personal
there is a great opportunity for those of you in stephenville , texas , to watch the documentary " william edwin dyess and and the greatest story of the war in the pacific . " tarleton state university will be showing the film tomorrow and the public is invited to watch it . lt . col . dyess was a tarleton state graduate and an american hero in wwii . while fighting the japanese on the island of bataan , outnumbered and under equipped , dyess and his comrades surrendered to the enemies on april 10 , 1942 , and were marched to a prisoner-of-war camp in the infamous ‰ űďbataan death march . ‰ űť nearly a year later , dyess and nine other american prisoners-of-war , along with two filipino convicts broke out of the davao penal colony , an escape-proof imperial japanese army prison plantation in the philippines . lt . col dyess was awarded distinguished flying cross and distinguished service cross , for his valor . he died on dec . 22 , 1943 in burbank , calif . , when he chose to pilot his p - 38 , which had caught fire , away from a heavily populated area , rather than parachuting to safety . he landed the plane in a vacant lot , where it exploded on impact and killed him . the movie will be shown in in room 116 of the o . a . grant humanities building at tarleton state . to learn more , click here : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001062		facebook		personal
nice work by #bcths students who particpated in the skillsusa competition ! america's economy needs a new generation of skilled workers to play an important role in us #manufacturing , #energy and #engineering .		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		personal
this budget deal is not a step toward small government . it makes obama's exploding spending permanent by giving it a gop stamp of approval .		national		partisan		S000937		twitter		policy
without action , student loan rates double in six days . rosa is proud to have signed petition to make congress act .		national		partisan		D000216		facebook		policy
congrats 2 the winners of @miamidadecounty @friendslibrary teen photography contest #blackhistorymonth <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		personal
mt @yubasutterarts do you know a student who wants his / her #art displayed at the us capitol ? <http>		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		information
vote for pedro " @yahoomovies : 5 things we just learned about ' napoleon dynamite ' <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
it was such an incredible honor to award dr . william kott his ( very ) belated bronze star he earned at the battle of the bulge . #hooah !		national		neutral		S000030		facebook		policy
congressman poe visits claughton middle school		national		neutral		P000592		facebook		support
pleased to welcome students interested in the u . s . military service academy nominations at @northpoinths this weekend <http>		constituency		neutral		H000874		twitter		constituency
met w / #illinois community banks to discuss reg relief so local banks can keep lending to families & small businesses <http>		constituency		partisan		K000360		twitter		policy
" co's aerospace industry is an important part of our 21st century , innovation-based economy . this report underlines that industry , state and federal leaders should better coordinate to more effectively and forcefully advocate for our aerospace economy , " the delegation said .		national		neutral		C001077		facebook		policy
thanks for sharing all your concerns with me as i met with residents in all 23 counties in wyoming this summer . this fall i ‰ űşm going to visit with businesses across the state to learn more about what they need . #wyoworkstour		national		neutral		E000285		facebook		support
talking peace and justice w / family and friends in forsyth county nc . <http>		constituency		neutral		E000288		twitter		constituency
reminder all artwork for the congressional art competition must be submitted by april 16 , 2013 - click for more info : <http>		national		neutral		S001187		twitter		information
tune in to #womensucceed on twitter for a tweet-a-thon with dems in congress !		national		neutral		K000188		twitter		personal
today is the 5th anniversary of the lilly ledbetter fair pay act , but there is still so much to do to ensure equal pay for equal work . that ‰ űşs why the first bill i co-sponsored in the house was the paycheck fairness act .		national		partisan		C001101		facebook		policy
recently held a " coffee with the congressman " event in clay county . read more about the event here - <http> . #in08		constituency		neutral		B001275		twitter		personal
as the price of everything from gas to health care climbs higher , the last thing hoosiers need is another energy roadblock from the white house . this administration has lost touch with the everyday struggles most families face and told the new york times that " a war on coal is exactly what ‰ űşs needed . " the white house should end its war on energy and work to find real solutions . hoosiers deserve an all-of-the-above approach where we harness all of our available resources in order to become energy independent .		national		partisan		S001188		facebook		policy
with the startling rise in military sexual assaults , it's time for congress to act :		national		partisan		H001056		facebook		policy
for 20 yrs #bradybackgroundchecks kept 2.1 m guns from wrong hands . time to #finishthejob & expand checks <http>		national		neutral		Q000023		twitter		support
great op-ed : preserve the beer / farm partnership <http> via @blueridgenow		national		partisan		M001187		twitter		policy
we had a great crowd at our town hall meeting in perdido beach . thanks to mayor patsy parker for hosting us at the perdido beach volunteer fire department . i enjoyed the discussion and appreciate all of those who came out .		constituency		neutral		B001289		facebook		information
congressman bridenstine speaking on the importance of our nation's flag at the medal of honor day ceremony at veteran's park .		national		neutral		B001283		facebook		personal
today , marks a historic day for millions of americans . even though the government has shutdown , you can still register for health insurance ! starting today , october 1 , 2013 , healthcare.gov will begin providing a pathway to affordable health coverage for hardworking families , seniors , and young people . in our community 511,758 are uninsured , but we can now change that statistic under the new health insurance marketplace . i strongly believe that all americans , regardless of their ability to pay , should have access to quality , affordable health coverage . visit www.healthcare.gov to begin enrollment , or dial 1-800-318-2596 . also , please feel free to contact my office at 1-800-355-9003 and we will be happy to direct your call ! keep the faith ! <http>		national		neutral		T000193		facebook		policy
i do not support the use of military force in syria at this time . the president does not have power to unilaterally authorize a military attack and he has a responsibility to seek approval from congress before he considers any military force in syria .		national		partisan		R000593		facebook		policy
we're just 22 days until @umichfootball kickoff . are you ready ? #goblue <http>		national		neutral		D000355		twitter		personal
if you're close to conroe , this is worth going to - a moving presentation of the christmas story .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		support
pittsburgh post-gazette : rep . keith rothfus , a fiscal conservative , supported reinstating the program , saying he felt it was important . " many service members and their families reached out to me to share their disappointment and frustration with the decision to cut tuition assistance funding . this restoration of funding is a victory for all our men and women in uniform . " <http>		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		policy
today i introduced a congressional resolution wishing the #sikh community a joyous #vaisakhi : <http>		constituency		partisan		G000559		twitter		personal
in the president ‰ űşs state of the union address , he stated , ‰ űďi don ‰ űşt expect to convince my republican friends on the merits of this law [ obamacare ] ‰ ű_ . so again , if you have specific plans to cut costs , cover more people , and increase choice ‰ űň tell america what you ‰ űşd do differently . ‰ űť well today marks 100 days since he received 9 ideas on health care reform from house republicans , and we have yet to hear a reply . i was proud to be one of the thirty-four members that signed onto the letter asking the president to review these proposals . you can view the original letter by going to <http> please share if you think it is time that the president responds !		national		partisan		Y000064		facebook		policy
coffee with @coffin4council , mr . pappas , & vicki at famous local fav #tiffanyscafe #dtlv #onlyindistrict1 <http>		national		neutral		T000468		facebook		personal
budget transparency : congressman dave loebsack , congressman jim renacci and i are issuing a bipartisan call to the budget conference committee to proactively implement comprehensive transparency measures . the committee must be open and transparent to have any chance of restoring the public ‰ űşs trust in government . learn more at : <http>		national		partisan		Q000023		facebook		policy
recovery stalling ... fox news reports unemployment claims jump suddenly to 385.000 !		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		policy
#tbt with my daughter , briana . took her to start her college career today . amazing how fast time flies !		national		neutral		P000594		facebook		personal
" sunoco logistics , a spinoff of the pew family enterprise , announced their intention to spend $ 2.5 billion to construct a massive pipeline to bring natural gas materials from the state ‰ űşs marcellus shale regions to marcus hook . they are calling the plan mariner east 2 . in marcus hook they just might be calling it a miracle . the project , which would involved building 350 miles of new pipeline , would deliver 275,000 barrels of natural gas liquids such as butane , propane and ethane to the old refinery site . "		national		partisan		M001181		facebook		policy
today i joined my co-sponsors of the #studentloan bill to discuss our permanent , bi-partisan solution . we're tired of this issue being a political football . let's solve the problem .		national		neutral		B001135		facebook		policy
this study demonstrates that expanding our domestic energy sources could immediately create millions of jobs and generate billions in revenue to reduce our federal debt , while also furthering our energy independence . utilizing our diverse resources is central to energy affordability , economic recovery and national security .		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		policy
congrats to somerset county's sam childers on receiving mother teresa award . read about his work w / orphans overseas : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000598		twitter		policy
i am excited and honored to accept the humane champion award from the @humanesociety today for my support of animal protection legislation		national		neutral		L000559		twitter		support
in ct , women earn 78 cents for every dollar paid to men . that ‰ űşs not fair . rt if you support #equalpay for equal work .		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		policy
please check out my latest e-newsletter : <http> #tx17		constituency		neutral		F000461		twitter		mobilization
this weekend i stopped by the ‰ űďhike for hesed ‰ űť in aurora . it was great to see so many people working to combat homelessness in the fox valley .		constituency		neutral		F000454		facebook		support
interesting read from the @nytimes - in climbing income ladder , location matters <http>		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		policy
this week , my #facebook page got its 9,000 th " like " . have you liked me on facebook yet ? <http>		national		neutral		B001279		twitter		personal
please read my new e-newsletter , " great patriots across the generations . " it's about the 70th anniversary of d-day and the evening parade at the marine barracks i went to : <http>		national		neutral		L000573		facebook		personal
thanks to wsbtv for covering my recent health fair . check out their video below :		national		neutral		S001157		facebook		media
glad to see h . r . 4411 , the hezbollah international financing prevention act , passed out of committee on a unanimous , bipartisan vote today . i was proud to cosponsor this important legislation and urge leadership to bring it to the house floor for a vote to ensure the united states continues to do everything we can to protect america and our allies from terrorists .		national		neutral		C001094		facebook		other
cornyn : no obamacare exemptions for federal employees : <http>		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		policy
before the chicago blackhawks take on the bruins tonight , the new york times examines my love for the game and my effort with the congressional hockey caucus . <http>		national		neutral		Q000023		facebook		personal
good luck to @calpolymbb in their first round ncaa tournament game tonight . go mustangs !		national		neutral		C001036		twitter		personal
2012 #sotu : ‰ űďi want to cut through the maze of confusing training programs , ‰ űť @housegop passed #skillsact does that , tell senate to pass it !		national		partisan		F000450		twitter		policy
be sure to tune in to msnbc today at 3pm as i discuss the latest developments regarding the crash of malaysia airlines flight mh17 in ukraine .		national		neutral		P000096		facebook		personal
yesterday , i met with the jdrf , the leader of the type 1 diabetes ( t1d ) community ‰ űóunifying global efforts to cure , treat , and prevent t1d . diabetes is growing rapidly among all populations in the united states . today , over 26 million americans live with diabetes ‰ űň quadruple the number from just 30 years ago . the annual cost of diabetes to the u . s . economy is approximately $ 174 billion , and it is estimated that 1 in 3 american children born in 2000 are likely to develop some form of diabetes in their lifetime . i am proud to support the special diabetes program to advance t1d research , and fund treatment , education , and prevention programs for those disproportionately affected by type 2 diabetes .		national		neutral		C001061		facebook		information
the only way for washington to control its spending problem is to start budgeting ‰ űň and budgeting responsibly . <http> #tcot		national		neutral		T000467		twitter		support
american #energy production is creating #jobs , holding prices down , and promoting energy independence : <http>		national		neutral		D000618		twitter		information
here is my floor speech on the #requireaplan act which will force the pres . to say when he would balance our budget <http>		national		partisan		W000812		twitter		attack
i'm heading to the #senate floor soon to oversee debate on the #gangof8 #immigration bill . tune in to c-span to watch .		national		neutral		V000127		twitter		policy
urge a no vote on #gopbudget . it is a recipe for economic decline & immediate job loss that rewards millionaires at everyone else's expense .		national		partisan		V000128		twitter		mobilization
former #irs commissioner shulman had more public white house visits than any cabinet member <http>		national		neutral		B001273		twitter		policy
though you often don ‰ űşt hear much about it in the news , endometriosis is all too common ; an estimated 1 in 8 women and girls are affected and suffer from mild to severe pain as a result of the disease . that ‰ űşs why i am proud to be a congressional host for the first ever worldwide endomarch . i support the fight to increase cooperation , research , educational campaigns , and health screenings to bring about a quicker diagnosis of the disease , more effective treatment , and ultimately , a cure . #endomarch #endomarch14 #virtualendomarchers		national		neutral		C001061		facebook		support
my thoughts and prayers are with the family of former house transportation chairman jim oberstar , who passed away last night . he was a good friend , an expert on transportation issues , and a dedicated public servant . he will be missed .		national		neutral		N000002		facebook		personal
rt @reuterspolitics : lawmakers , lgbt groups urge u . s . trade action on brunei criminal laws <http>		national		partisan		W000437		twitter		policy
in 2014 we worked to stop nuclear #iran , confront #isis & support #israel . #yearinreview2014 : <http> <http>		national		partisan		K000360		twitter		policy
washington post finds more false #sequester claims coming from the white house <http>		national		partisan		M001158		twitter		personal
heading to the house floor to fight for the #greatlakes & michigan jobs ! i will be offering a bipartisan amendment with rep . hahn ( d-ca )		constituency		neutral		H001058		twitter		policy
no problem @joshmesker		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		personal
icymi : veterans in 9 cities have to wait more than a year for claims to be addressed via @postreid <http>		national		neutral		H001041		twitter		policy
#obamacare ‰ űşs definition of full-time employment as working 30 hours a week is hurting our economy and our workers .		national		partisan		C001092		twitter		attack
new forest service report further reinforces that the current way the government budgets for wildfire suppression is unsustainable . #idpol		national		partisan		C000880		twitter		policy
every child is a #blessingnotburden . thank @mikekellypa supporting pro-life bill to protect children w / disabilities . <http>		national		neutral		P000601		twitter		support
thank you to girls inc . for the power of the purse award ! loved meeting the future leaders of tomorrow who are already making #strongsmartbold moves !		national		neutral		W000797		facebook		personal
my response to the president's #fy15 #budget request , which was submitted to congress today : <http>		national		neutral		W000809		twitter		policy
please join me in the celebration of may as jewish american heritage month . i am proud to serve ohio's largest jewish community and recognize the many contributions of its people . the values of tzedakah and tikkun olam that have guided the community through the centuries are widely evident today through the commitment of so many our valued friends and neighbors to promote justice , dignity and an improved quality of life for all people .		constituency		neutral		F000455		facebook		personal
senator corker said on fox news sunday today : it would be beyond belief ‰ ű_to back off from the [ budget ] disciplines that we put in place back in 2011 .		national		neutral		C001071		facebook		policy
i was on @msnbc ‰ űşs @edshow last night talking about the state of #washington . check it out here : <http>		national		neutral		R000577		twitter		policy
today would be the 97th birthday of president john f . kennedy , and his legacy to our nation continues to live on .		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		personal
obama uses same strategy to solve sequestration / budget problems ... blame republicans . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		policy
that tradition continues today . on #memorialday , we come together to remember those who sacrificed their lives in defense of our freedoms .		national		neutral		F000460		twitter		personal
claire's hosting public town hall meetings and other events with local leaders across missouri this week to hear directly from missourians on how to continue expanding job and business opportunities . beginning today , monday , march 17 , ‰ űďmccaskill on main street ‰ űť will bring claire to communities across the state where she will hear ideas and concerns from constituents , answer questions , and give a firsthand update about her ongoing work in the senate to boost jobs .		constituency		neutral		M001170		facebook		policy
call into my teletown hall tonight at 6:35- 7:35 pm cdt ! call-in : (877) 229-8493 access id : 112022		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		personal
you bet ! mt @aadorableana " @repsamfarr i am a constituent of yours asking for an inclusive cir bill . can we have your support ? "		national		partisan		F000030		twitter		policy
stopped by @avemarialaw earlier this afternoon to talk to students & faculty about issues imp to them #fl25 <http>		constituency		neutral		D000600		twitter		personal
today i'm saluting the #queenofking @jeanenersenk5 for covering the news in our area for 42 years .		constituency		neutral		H001064		twitter		personal
some good news from the fed today <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		information
our staff will hold local office hrs in lunenburg on fri , dec 13 to meet w / constituents who need help w / fed agencies : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		twitter		personal
march is women ‰ űşs history month . when women succeed , america succeeds . read my statement here : <http> . #womenshistorymonth		national		neutral		B001285		twitter		information
happy #juneteenth ! i'm celebrating by attending the dedication of the frederick douglass statue in the u . s . capitol . <http>		national		neutral		C000714		twitter		personal
great showing of #fl18 community support at today's event honoring the life of andrew " red " harris , and his legacy by promoting artificial reefs to benefit our marine environment which he loved so much .		constituency		neutral		M001191		facebook		constituency
a closer look at the cause of the 2008 financial crisis courtesy of house committee on financial services		national		neutral		H001058		facebook		media
had a great time meeting tomorrow ‰ űşs leaders at the nathaniel ely head start in norwalk this morning ! head start and early education programs are simply some of the best investments we can make to help children succeed and strengthen our communities .		national		partisan		H001047		facebook		policy
ocare's medical device tax will cost our nation 33,000 jobs - unacceptable : <http> #lasen		national		partisan		C001075		twitter		policy
check out @wboc story on my appearance on @crossfirecnn last night <http>		national		neutral		H001052		twitter		personal
congressman griffith today reintroduced the bipartisan protecting lawful transportation of firearms act . click on the link below for his statement on the bill .		national		neutral		G000568		facebook		media
for those affected by last year's tornado disaster , june 1 is the last day to apply for aid through march 2recovery . <http>		national		partisan		Y000064		twitter		information
great to meet with the american cancer society today in appleton !		constituency		neutral		R000587		facebook		personal
friday , i held a free workshops for the students affected by the recent closure of cca , a for-profit college located in south gate . the situation these students and teachers face is shameful and my office is doing everything we can to help these students recover and get back to focusing on their education . <http>		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		personal
in light of major recent data breaches such as the one affecting 70 million target customers , it is more than possible to think the same could happen to an #obamacare website that is still not ready for primetime . that's why i supported commonsense legislation in the house today that would require the federal government to notify individuals within 48 hours if their personal information has been stolen or unlawfully accessed through an obamacare exchange . the health exchange security and transparency act passed on a bipartisan 291-122 vote , and will help protect americans ' personal information .		national		neutral		G000546		facebook		policy
a #followfriday for new commandant @uscoastguard , wedding dress @riovideo and #conservation opportunities @usda_nrcs . #ff		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		information
@ooolson u label what u want . there 4 many prominent scientists who disagree with gwarming theory . r u anti-science 4 not agreeing with them		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		support
last night i voted with the house of representatives to make veterans a priority by passing the veterans affairs appropriations bill as the first funding bill of the year.this bill funds the programs that are most important to our veterans ' quality of life , and also brings the victims of the 2009 fort hood shooting closer to justice .		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
sen . king responds to fox and friends when they asked about gruber's comments on how obamacare was passed based on deceit . his response was to attack fox and friends . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
am cosponsoring @senatorshaheen @robportman bill to increase #energyefficiency across public & private sectors <http>		national		partisan		A000368		twitter		policy
today , i joined with my republican and democrat colleagues in asking the leaders of both parties to come together to do what's best for america . too many families in the central valley and across our country are hurting . congress must end this government shutdown now .		national		neutral		V000129		facebook		policy
son abel daughter rachel son-in-law cale run 4change in honor of deutscher family . <http>		national		neutral		C001096		twitter		information
" ... if you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine , then let us work together . " ‰ űň lilla watson <http>		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
thank you again to everyone who came out to the congress on your corner that i hosted this past saturday in ocean beach . it was a great crowd of engaged constituents ! make sure to check my website , scottpeters.house.gov or follow me on twitter at twitter.com/repscottpeters for information on future events .		national		neutral		P000608		facebook		personal
whenever government gets too big , it begins to trample on institutions of civil society . we must continue to ensure that the free exercise of religion remains uninhibited .		constituency		partisan		L000577		facebook		mobilization
from today's editorial in the new york times : " it ‰ űşs time to bring the marijuana market out into the open and end the injustice of arrests and convictions that have devastated communities . "		national		neutral		C001068		facebook		support
read my statement on the 10 - year anniversary of the #iraq war : <http>		national		neutral		C001069		twitter		personal
i join in celebrating best buddies international ‰ űďi ‰ űşm in to hire day ‰ űť because people with special needs are skilled , productive , and employable . i fought to pass the americans with disabilities act , and i will continue to work to make sure american businesses are inclusive . ‰ űďshare ‰ űť or ‰ űďlike ‰ űť if you support an inclusive workplace for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities . #imintohire		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		mobilization
there they go again , jackie robinson west proved why they are one of the best teams in the country . after a superb pitching performance and clutch early hitting , jrw is advancing to the american championship game . i can't wait for saturday !		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		personal
house republicans just voted to virtually guarantee a government shutdown . americans expect their government to serve them , not lurch from one manufactured crisis to another . as someone who came to congress to solve problems and get things done , i will keep trying to work with responsible members on both sides of the aisle to find common sense , reasonable solutions to our nation ‰ űşs problems , despite tonight ‰ űşs unfortunate actions by the gop majority . click the below link for my full statement :		national		neutral		H001068		facebook		policy
i'll also be chatting with supertalk mississippi's paul gallo at 7:30 ct this morning about defunding obamacare . listen live here : <http>		constituency		neutral		P000601		facebook		media
@migrainediva @speakerboehner @presenteorg you are passing on a lie		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
visiting with seniors at bella vista gardens ( w senator brian stack ) <http>		national		partisan		B001288		twitter		personal
couple wks ago i had a great dinner @ #grandforks @olivegarden with my friend & @gfherald columnist marilyn hagerty . <http>		constituency		neutral		H001069		twitter		personal
congratulations to downtown mantua revitalization ‰ űşs art on the hill for winning best art / cultural event in the first annual portage county celebration . #oh14		national		neutral		J000295		facebook		personal
awesome #ar2 rt @washingtonpost : a powerful photo of frederick douglass's great-great-great-great-grandson <http>		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		personal
spending the day at ft benning . yesterday toured the nat infantry museum . <http>		constituency		neutral		S000364		twitter		personal
@nevadawolfpack ' s own @kaepernick7 = best breakthrough athlete . congrats ! #battleborn #espys		constituency		neutral		H001041		twitter		personal
hope you ‰ űşll read & rt latest op-ed in @usatoday ! ten critical priorities for the 2015 congress : <http>		national		neutral		C001098		twitter		media
rt @housedemocrats how would #immigration reform affect you ? watch : <http> ( video ) & rt if you support #cir .		national		partisan		T000469		twitter		support
it was great to meet with business leaders and community officials over coffee this morning in gallipolis . we had a great discussion about the direction of our country and the business climate in gallia county .		constituency		neutral		J000292		facebook		information
another day , another delay . #stillbroken		national		partisan		B001135		facebook		support
today i spoke on cnn about my opposition to the use of american military force in the syrian civil war . you can watch the video here - please take a look and let me know what you think about this issue . <http>		national		partisan		R000583		facebook		policy
good morning dallas .		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		personal
proud to intro hr 2775 , no subsidies without verification act , which protects taxpayers from obamacare fraud & abuse <http>		national		partisan		B001273		twitter		policy
attending the state of the union with @repswalwell . <http>		national		neutral		V000129		twitter		information
i want to wish a very happy hanukkah to all those celebrating tonight !		national		neutral		E000293		facebook		personal
tune in : sec . kerry is testifying about #syria before the @hascrepublicans . watch - <http>		national		partisan		W000815		twitter		policy
" sinema has consistently called on congress to be accountable to the public and complete the very basis tasks they were elected to do . today ‰ űşs bipartisan action sets a firm expectation for congress to pass a budget and for both parties to find the critical middle ground on our long-term deficits . an important stipulation of the bill requires that salaries be withheld for members of either chamber that stalls on the adoption of a budget . " <http>		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
the president's determination to permanently harm the coal industry is astounding . this hurts real people and destroys jobs . #waroncoal		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		attack
this week , i attended the olathe noon rotary club held at the new olathe community center . four members of the club spoke about the importance of rotary and its impact on individuals in their community . i appreciated hearing from from cindy vonfeldt , olathe public schools foundation ; jerry moore , grass pad ; jason heard , frank ancona honda ; and vernon avant , insperity . i am proud to be a fellow rotarian and appreciate the good work the olathe rotary club does for their community . thank you to olathe rotary club president geoff neufeld for his hospitality and olathe rotary speaker chair jason armstrong for coordinating my visit .		constituency		neutral		M000934		facebook		policy
congratulations , armen babajanian , for your over 10 years of service to big brothers big sisters in texas ! my outreach coordinator , pete arguello , is pictured here presenting a congressional certificate of recognition to armen and thanking him for his commitment to our region .		constituency		neutral		C001063		facebook		personal
today is tax freedom day in illinois . the average illinoisans had to work until april 25th to pay their combined federal , state and local tax bill . americans shouldn't have to work nearly 1/3 of their year just to pay taxes .		constituency		partisan		S000364		facebook		personal
sent another letter to the administration 2 protect medicare advantage plans & keep them affordable for #az09 seniors <http>		constituency		neutral		S001191		twitter		policy
harvey milk spoke out so that others wouldn ‰ űşt feel compelled to live in silence-tb #equality #harveymilkstamp		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		policy
today , u . s . senator tom udall issued the following statement on the president ‰ űşs decision to take executive action on immigration : ‰ űďover 40,000 people in new mexico and millions more around the country are living in immigration limbo while they work and raise families here in the united states . deporting these children and families isn ‰ űşt a realistic option . we need to focus our limited resources on securing the border and going after drug dealers , gang members and potential terrorists . ‰ űďnew mexicans have seen firsthand the problems caused by house republicans , who have dragged their feet on immigration for too long ‰ űň it has been 511 days since the senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive reform bill . because the house won ‰ űşt act , the president is justified in taking commonsense steps to fix our broken immigration system under existing law . ‰ űďthe president is offering a temporary solution to keep families together , give employers who hire workers on visas more certainty about their workforce , and devote our limited resources to deporting dangerous criminals . it ‰ űşs past time for congress to work together on a permanent fix of our broken immigration system . ‰ űť		national		partisan		U000039		facebook		policy
#thankful for the opportunity to represent our conservative #mississippi values in washington <http> <http>		national		neutral		N000186		twitter		support
#obamacare is more proof that we need #readthebills to become law . become a citizen co-sponsor today : <http>		national		partisan		B001280		twitter		support
last week , while visiting with our troops overseas , i spent time with major bryan tolar of the sc army national guard . yesterday , he successfully surprised his family at spring valley high school for his daughter's graduation as he returned home early from deployment . read more about his heartfelt story here : <http> .		national		neutral		W000795		facebook		personal
reading is critical . that's why i spent time with reading partners and students yesterday . they recruit volunteer tutors for 1 on 1 work .		national		neutral		B001287		twitter		policy
@jdeuberry thank you , we will fight together .		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		support
. @mlive : muskegon manufacturer planning $ 5 million expansion , creating 50 new jobs <http> #mi4jobs #wioa		constituency		neutral		H001058		twitter		personal
rt if you agree that hardworking students shouldn't be penalized for working hard to afford college ! <http>		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		support
yesterday , my office called 73,000 homes at random in texas - 02 and held a telephone town hall . it was great to hear from neighbors on the issues concerning them . to sign up for my next telephone town hall click on the link below . <http>		constituency		neutral		P000592		facebook		personal
mm : " i will not stand idly by while this admnistration & this epa try to wipe out the lifeblood of my home state . " <http>		constituency		partisan		M000355		twitter		policy
the house recently passed the defense appropriations act for fiscal year 2014 which ensures critical military funding in the coming fiscal year . read more about what the bill does and some of the amendments passed below .		national		neutral		C001053		facebook		policy
grateful for a few minutes with the nashville economic club chatting about debt , obamacare , and fiscal issues . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001243		twitter		constituency
227 years ago , our founding fathers created a document that serves not only as our government ‰ űşs framework but also as a safeguard of our freedoms and liberties . happy constitution day !		national		neutral		S001189		facebook		policy
today the davis enterprise newspaper published my op-ed on #syria in response to a column published by the paper a couple weeks ago . there are a lot of good questions about the wisdom of a potential strike in syria and a lot of disconcerting answers .		national		neutral		G000559		facebook		policy
just went on @msnbc politics nation with @thereval to discuss the current budget battle in dc . look ‰ ű_ <http>		national		partisan		F000460		twitter		policy
it ‰ űşs time to stop burdensome regulations that put people out of work ! <http>		national		neutral		M001190		twitter		policy
rt if you agree : it's time to #actonclimate change ‰ ő more info on the #nca2014 released today at <http>		national		neutral		T000465		twitter		policy
should utah be forced by the epa to lower ozone levels below the naturally occurring level ? <http> @utahpoliticohub #utpol		constituency		partisan		L000577		twitter		constituency
thoughts & prayers 4 families in #oklahoma affected by tornadoes . may they be blessed with strength & courage in face of this tragedy #netde		national		neutral		C001083		twitter		support
it's stories like jack's that keeps claire fighting for sexual assault survivors to ensure they're getting the protections and services needed . learn more more about jack's story via kctv 5 news		national		neutral		M001170		facebook		policy
in case you missed it : i joined politicsnation with al sharpton today to give my thoughts on paul ryan's controversial comments on poverty & his upcoming meeting with the congressional black caucus .		constituency		partisan		B001270		facebook		policy
i was honored to present a bronze star and a purple heart to world war ii veteran james dell hardin . i am thankful for our many service members and veterans who have fought and continue to sacrifice to keep our country safe .		constituency		neutral		S001180		facebook		personal
for several weeks , i have heard from numerous young people across idaho concerned about the interest rate hike on student loans . last night , senator jim risch and i supported the bipartisan student loan bill to bring interest rates back down to 3.86 percent from 6.8 percent . this student loan measure will make it less expensive for students to plan for college and it links rates to the financial markets . i would prefer to return to the private sector handling student loans to reduce government bureaucracy , but action was needed and we were able to reach agreement on a bipartisan solution to help idaho ‰ űşs young people .		constituency		neutral		C000880		facebook		mobilization
quite an honor to be mentioned in a question yesterday on jeopardy ! <http>		national		neutral		C001053		facebook		personal
@prupaine @joaquincastrotx - - i disagree w your numbers but i respect your take on it . take care , joaquin		national		neutral		C001091		twitter		personal
share if you think texas should #expandmedicaidnow rt <http>		constituency		neutral		J000126		twitter		mobilization
yesterday i voted for the enforce act ‰ űóa bill that gives the american people a tool to defend article i of our constitution . <http>		national		partisan		W000810		facebook		policy
thx ! happy thanksgiving ! mt . @barbrhondi : @repdonaldpayne this #thanksgiving i am #grateful4gunsense you've shown . thx ! #momsdemandaction		national		neutral		P000604		twitter		personal
held a reception to congratulate my nominees who will be attending the u . s . service academies . outstanding students and i'm proud of them all ! was also proud to award medals to the queens family of the late harry schlesinger who served in the army during world war i . thanks to queensboro hill vfw post 3427 for hosting us . <http>		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		support
on tuesday , i had the honor of meeting ms alice myers . alice was born in 1910 . she is 103 years young . when i held her hand it was strong and steady and her eyes gleamed as neighbors passing by said hello . the first thing she said to me was that she was 103 . her pride showing strongly on her face . she was so friendly to me and we had a good conversation . she told me that the first president she supported was franklin roosevelt . she has so much history to teach us . i am looking forward to meeting with her again in the near future . alice myers is a true bronx treasure .		national		neutral		S000248		facebook		personal
it is unacceptable that we have 4 million jobless americans . the house has passed solutions , it ‰ űşs time for the senate to #votenow		constituency		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
the @postandcourier says the irs case is " not closed " in their editorial : rising evidence against irs <http>		national		neutral		G000566		twitter		information
just a reminder ! there are only 2 days left for high school students to submit their " app " designs for the congressional stem competition . learn more here : <http>		national		neutral		E000293		facebook		support
edward snowden , a meaningful , fact-based debate is critical as congress works to reform the nsa to protect privacy . <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		policy
the #obamacare effect is widening the income gap <http>		national		partisan		M001180		twitter		policy
it is now up to harry reid and the president to accept a responsible compromise to keep the government open . <http> #az05		constituency		neutral		S000018		twitter		personal
#tbt @colbertreport and i after taping my segment on better know a district . good times . watch the show again here : <http>		national		neutral		B001251		facebook		personal
peaceful protest is the best protest .		national		neutral		G000553		facebook		other
as i told my colleagues on the house floor this morning , it ‰ űşs time to give hard-working americans a raise . like ... <http>		national		partisan		M000725		twitter		support
to america's best & brightest : here's a link to info on veteran job training <http>		national		neutral		J000295		twitter		other
stand up for your 2nd amendment rights by signing the petition at <http> . #stopatt		national		neutral		W000814		twitter		mobilization
sign sen . sanders ' petition to support a progressive budget plan : <http>		national		partisan		S000033		facebook		mobilization
but i remain concerned about the denial and insensitivity expressed in his initial response .		national		partisan		C001067		twitter		personal
it was great to speak to the students and participate in the mt dora christian home & bible veterans day parade and celebration this morning .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		policy
americans deserve a top-notch standard of health coverage no matter who they work for . #notmybossbusiness #hobbylobby <http>		national		neutral		W000779		twitter		support
did you receive my most recent e-newsletter ? if not , click here to sign up : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000593		facebook		personal
icymi : see my questions for secretary kerry , secretary hagel , and general dempsey from this afternoon's hearing on syria <http>		national		neutral		C001093		facebook		policy
happy birthday to my friend george takei ! oh my !		national		neutral		T000472		facebook		personal
this is what a really shameful #earmark looks like <http>		national		neutral		M001179		twitter		support
i enjoyed chatting with cortland high school's ap government class early this morning . i hope they did too - they asked great questions !		constituency		neutral		H001051		facebook		media
how is obamacare affecting you ? have a question about implementation ? tell me using #asksebelius . #pjnet #tcot		national		neutral		M001189		twitter		support
photo : my #edenprairie office delivered local student valentines to #veterans at @vaminneapolis . #happyvday #mn03 <http>		constituency		neutral		P000594		twitter		information
ui expiration to cost economy $ 3 billion in jan and feb . #renewui #actonui #p2 <http> <http>		national		partisan		P000607		twitter		attack
my latest weekly update is out ! in this week's edition , i encourage folks to thank all those who have served this country this veterans day , discuss my efforts to protect americans from obamacare and highlight my recent visits in the second district .		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		support
earlier this week , i had the opportunity to meet with some young political leaders from brazil during their visit to washington . the students will also be visiting montgomery and birmingham to learn about our form of government . they shared with me a small 3d model of the national congress of brazil . join me in welcoming the student leaders to our country and our state !		constituency		neutral		R000591		facebook		personal
american people see we can have these conversations in washington ... need to have more of them ... i believe we will . <http>		national		neutral		D000614		twitter		policy
crawford column : common sense is not so common		national		neutral		C001087		facebook		media
the president has instructed agencies to make #sequestration as painful as possible . is that really what's best for america ?		national		partisan		H001053		twitter		policy
@howardmatis where do you say that 97 % figure comes from ? if u don't know or do not know & if u do its claim is obviously bogus .		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
as you may know , may is mental health awareness month ‰ űň an opportunity to raise awareness about mental health parity and services available to the millions of americans afflicted with mental illness . during my time in congress , i have worked to build on the legacy of former congressman patrick kennedy , who was a champion for strengthening mental health care , by introducing the serv act to establish drug courts for our returning veterans , as well as co-sponsoring the mental health in schools act , the mental health on campus improvement act , and the excellence in mental health act . this mental health awareness month , let ‰ űşs recognize the progress that has been made to treat mental illness and continue working towards a future where mental health care is available , affordable , and accessible for all rhode islanders . - - - david		constituency		partisan		C001084		facebook		policy
it was such a pleasure to visit the apex education center in temple city to see some of the great programs they have for our youth .		national		neutral		C001080		facebook		support
national drug facts week is just around the corner , see what you can do to help our youth get the facts about drug abuse <http>		national		neutral		R000395		twitter		policy
@spoonboy42 not closing door on foreigners . i support robust skill based immigration . let them become part of am family before providing aid		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		support
yesterday i had the pleasure to meet and talk with future leaders at the national urban league young professional briefing in washington .		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		information
@dmogahed looking forward to it .		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		personal
speaking at the @ahri_connect public policy symposium . it's great to be here . <http>		national		neutral		W000814		twitter		personal
thanks to everyone who joined us for this week ‰ űşs #momornings . learn more about how you can attend here : <http>		constituency		partisan		B000575		twitter		policy
. @leecruse thanks for having sen . mcconnell on your show on @wvlk today to discuss hemp seeds being held up by dea . #kentucky		constituency		neutral		M000355		twitter		media
it was great seeing my former boss nancy o'malley , alameda county district attorney , in washington dc today for my first capitol dome tour .		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		personal
on sunday , fox news featured my bill to create a special inspector general for monitoring the affordable care act , or sigma , following the successes of other recent special inspectors general . check it out here : <http> .		national		neutral		R000580		facebook		support
have a great labor day weekend #indy ! safe travels to you and your family . i hope to see you out and about in the district .		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		personal
headed to east northport to announce solution to protect seniors from identity theft . take social security # s off medicare cards !		constituency		neutral		I000057		twitter		personal
senator crapo will deliver his opening statement at the first budget conference committee meeting soon . <http> ‰ űň staff		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		information
wind turbines are not so good for the environment . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		personal
@remieconomics dr . fred treyz discusses the remi report that shows state-by-state that #cirmeansjobs ! <http>		national		neutral		C001097		twitter		policy
nation's healthcare spending to jump 6.1 % next year <http> via @ap		national		neutral		H001059		twitter		information
this week , i had the privilege of speaking with brooke gladstone of npr ‰ űşs program on the media regarding h . r . 2356 , the we are watching you act . i ‰ űşm grateful to have had the opportunity to discuss this legislation and why i think it is a significant step in protecting the privacy rights of american consumers . you can listen to the full segment at the link below .		national		neutral		J000255		facebook		policy
rt @repkevinbrady : what kind of govt swoops in upon your death & takes nearly half of the nest egg you spent your entire life building ? htt ‰ ű_		national		partisan		C001051		twitter		policy
i always love stopping in jimmy ‰ űşs tavern when i ‰ űşm in herndon . while i was there i met flor , a dreamer who was able to get hired there once she got authorization to work . jimmy said she ‰ űşs one of his best employees he ‰ űşs had .		constituency		neutral		K000384		facebook		personal
prayers for the navy yard victims , their families and for first responders who rushed to protect those in danger and work to secure the area		national		neutral		C001098		twitter		personal
. @freebeacon story on @whitehouse ' s #benghazi spin is a reminder of why we need a select committee . #hres36 <http>		national		partisan		B001273		twitter		attack
icymi : ‰ űďappreciation for our small businesses ‰ űť via @thehill by @smallbizgop chairman graves <http> . #nsbw #smallbiz		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		personal
more unexpected fallout from #obamacare .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		support
hancock co.mtg - 82ppl in garner . qs abt ssnotch , debt , guns , homeland security , ptsd , whtours , gaymarriage , termlimits , cropinsur , farm bill		national		partisan		G000386		twitter		policy
like and share ! house passes first anti-obamacare bill of 2014 ... the legislation would require victims of security breaches through healthcare.gov insurance exchanges to be notified within two days !		national		neutral		B000213		facebook		information
thank you @cedupdate for having me on your health policy panel today . we had a lively discussion . <http>		national		neutral		B001248		twitter		support
stopped by #scotus earlier to show my support for hobby lobby #religiousliberty <http>		national		neutral		L000575		twitter		support
the economy is growing , the stock market has surged ‰ űň yet minimum wage workers aren ‰ űşt benefiting . time to #raisethewage .		national		neutral		Y000062		facebook		policy
tweet me questions for my town halls this sat in hayward and pleasanton . town hall info here : <http>		constituency		neutral		S001193		twitter		mobilization
we heard potus talk about jobs & the economy today , but he offered the same stale rhetoric . we need fresh , bold ideas . <http>		national		partisan		S000320		twitter		policy
@marioradio thanks for follow , mario !		national		neutral		G000572		twitter		personal
this morning , my colleague rep . paul gosar and i were guests on c-span's " washington journal " to discuss bipartisanship and our legislative efforts together to create jobs for arizona . watch :		national		neutral		K000368		facebook		media
yesterday i met with doctors from across alabama's second district who were visiting washington d . c . with the medical association of the state of alabama . we talked about how new federal rules and regulations are hurting their industry .		constituency		neutral		R000591		facebook		information
i joined @23wifr at the rockford chamber annual dinner to discuss the need to grow the rockford-area economy : <http> #il16		constituency		neutral		K000378		twitter		personal
8/ 28 ‰ űň e-update volpe center ; transportation forum ; security analysis ; spaulding rehabilitation ; gibson house museum ; new england chapter of american immigration lawyers		constituency		neutral		C001037		facebook		information
thanks , @greggharper , for supporting hr 4351 , the alzheimer's accountability act . together we're making it a top priority ! #endalz		national		neutral		G000558		twitter		policy
kids doing what adults don ‰ űşt have sense to do: dumping their awful # nutritionnannies lunches . #thanksmicheleobama . <http>		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
at the 3rd annual foothills homeless veterans stand down . thank you to the over 150 volunteers for ‰ ű_ <http>		national		neutral		M001156		twitter		policy
bracken walter es elementary school is an exemplary part of nevada's education system , utilizing innovative strategies that prepare our youth for a bright future . the school had a feature video done on it . last year , it was named as a prestigious blue ribbon school in clark county . check out the video for yourself .		constituency		neutral		H001041		facebook		personal
join me for facebook q & a on monday , november 17 at 6:00 pm ct to discuss my strong & safe communities initiative . i will answer your questions about my efforts to make sure north dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state , including increases in drug-related crimes , human trafficking , infrastructure stress , and the movement of crude by rail through north dakota towns , as well as other issues . the energy development in north dakota has greatly helped our state , producing jobs and economic growth . but it has also brought new safety challenges that we must face head on . spread the word and join my facebook q & a ! <http>		constituency		neutral		H001069		facebook		media
cornyn : divided government presents opportunities :		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		policy
looking forward to seeing many friends , and to making new ones , at my district office open house in san diego tomorrow morning . see you there !		national		neutral		P000608		facebook		other
it was great to get a visit from jacob martinez , a 5th grader from grapevine , in my washington office this afternoon . i am glad he is making the most of his spring break by travelling to washington and meeting with his elected representatives .		national		neutral		M001158		facebook		support
a story shared by millions of americans - <http> . let's stand for the 2.8 mill in need & #renewui now <http>		national		neutral		L000263		twitter		policy
senator warner led an effort on the senate floor today calling on republican colleagues to allow budget negotiations to begin with the u . s . house of representatives . senator warner , a member of the budget committee and a leader since 2010 in bipartisan efforts to reach a compromise on meaningful deficit and debt reduction , reminded his colleagues that the senate passed its budget resolution 46 days ago . since then , however , republican senators repeatedly have blocked efforts to name budget conferees to sit down and work to resolve the differences between the senate and house budget resolutions . ( staff )		national		neutral		W000805		facebook		support
congratulations to peter aucella , who was presented with the community spirit award by the kiwanis club of greater lowell for his work with the lowell national historic park and all his charitable contributions .		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		support
good news for alaska's military community ! i just got off the phone in haines with the air force secretary , who told us that eielson air force base has been named a ' preferred ' location - - in other words , the front runner - - for two squadrons of f - 35 ii's .		constituency		neutral		M001153		facebook		information
this is the type of news about our veterans that shows respect & honor towards their service . #az is doing it right .		national		neutral		S001183		facebook		policy
congratulations to my very talented constituent , caleb johnson , on his american idol win last night . you're making western north carolinians very proud ! <http>		constituency		partisan		M001187		facebook		constituency
the president was right to call for a congressional debate on the use of military force in syria . congress and the american people need to thoroughly consider how intervention in this conflict will affect our national security . i am working to get all of the facts and will continue to discuss this issue with my colleagues and my constituents .		constituency		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
this christmas , it is easy to get lost in the whirlwind of holiday shopping and parties , but there is no better feeling than giving back to your community and those that are most vulnerable . how are you giving back this holiday season ?		national		neutral		Q000023		facebook		support
congratulations to @kevinomccarthy @gopwhip on your win as house majority leader ! let's get to work !		national		neutral		M001179		twitter		personal
proud to support an excellent project in middletown that will spur economic development and provide quality healthcare for folks in orange county .		constituency		neutral		M001185		facebook		policy
house republicans remain focused on growing good-paying #jobs for american workers . president obama should be too . learn more at speaker.gov/jobs		national		partisan		B000589		facebook		personal
government-to-go : need help with a federal agency ? a caseworker from my office will be at mlk library , tomorrow , 2 - 4pm . @dcpl #nortong2g		national		partisan		N000147		twitter		information
congresswoman corrine brown announces va grants for local programs that serve homeless veterans <http>		constituency		partisan		B000911		facebook		policy
earlier today i spoke with msnbc's tamron hall about our operations in syria . i believe we cannot and should not address the threat of isis alone and i applaud the president for partnering with neighboring arab nations with these strikes . however , i remain very concerned about details , long term strategy and who our military will be partnering with on the ground in syria .		national		partisan		S000030		facebook		support
checking out the inventory at mickey thompson tire . <http>		national		neutral		J000295		twitter		other
obama's approvals on immigration crashes ! <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		policy
like most congressional offices , my staff and i all switched from federal employee health plans to obamacare plans last year . the rest of the federal workforce stayed on the existing federal health plan . do you think federal employees should have to take part in obamacare , or should they keep the insurance they've always had ?		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		information
had the chance to question @mikeroweworks in today ‰ űşs @natresources hearing on american energy #jobs . watch : <http>		national		neutral		T000470		twitter		information
today the house voted in favor of the national flood insurance fund . this protects over 1300 #isaac claim payments from being delayed too .		national		neutral		R000588		twitter		information
1 vet lost in #va is too many but to have 1.700 ignored is a violation of every principle we promote 2 protect them <http>		national		partisan		S001175		twitter		attack
my weekly podcast , the monday morning memo is online .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		policy
chaired @senatebanking hearing 2day on impact default would have on financial stability & economic growth . watch here : <http>		national		partisan		J000177		twitter		policy
now : my questioning of #atf director ‰ ű_ on ‰ ű_ watch : <http>		national		neutral		F000460		twitter		support
coming up at 11:05 central ? ill be joining @varneyco to talk about the keystone pipeline . tune in !		national		neutral		B001243		twitter		support
icymi : i joined 580kido ' s kevin miller for a live , in-studio interview to discuss the economy , the developing situation in the middle east and veterans issues . click below to listen .		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		personal
been discussing impact aid & military students in mascoutah . 60 % of students at mascoutah are affiliated w / @scottafb <http>		constituency		neutral		E000292		twitter		information
today i talked to scott cox about the unacceptable backlog facing our veterans at the va and the importance of working towards a valley fever vaccine . i will not stop fighting in congress until these goals are met - period . <http>		constituency		partisan		M001165		facebook		policy
this week i visited ecolab in elk grove village for an employee townhall .		national		neutral		D000622		facebook		personal
. @deptvetaffairs allowed #veterans to die and then marked their care as #nolongernecessary to make them appear discharged . #deadheroes		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
my first vote as united states senator was against the fisa amendments act because it failed to provide transparency , accountability and reasonable limits when the federal government conducts surveillance for intelligence purposes . while i recognize that the fisa amendments act has helped to produce useful intelligence , i fear that we do not have a full understanding of the impact that this law has on the privacy of americans . we need a comprehensive review of the fisa amendments act to ensure that americans ‰ űş privacy and civil liberties are protected .		national		partisan		S001194		facebook		policy
check out my op / ed in the @burlcotimes that addresses the huge challenges facing the @deptvetaffairs <http>		constituency		partisan		R000594		twitter		policy
staff will hold local office hours on friday , march 21 in cumberland , lunenburg , halifax , and nelson counties to meet with constituents who need assistance with federal agencies : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		facebook		media
countdown 2 #wv150 #47days randolph county : stop by wv's oldest festival , the mountain state forest festival <http> #tourism		constituency		neutral		M001183		twitter		information
the house needs to stay open ‰ űň i joined my colleagues to call for speaker boehner to remain in session to address critical issues that will support the #middleclassfirst , like raising the minimum wage , make it in america manufacturing & more		national		partisan		T000465		facebook		policy
icymi : the hill : mark reich : over-regulation hampers investment in main street : in his column , mr . reich highlights the burdens caused by washington over-regulation and urges congressional support for the small business capital access and job preservation act , a bipartisan bill introduced by robert and his colleagues , congressman jim himes ( d-ct ) , congressman jim cooper ( d-tn ) , and congressman scott garrett ( r-nj ) . the bipartisan small business capital access and job preservation act was approved by the full financial services committee earlier this week , and has been reported to the full house of representatives . read more here : <http>		national		partisan		H001060		facebook		policy
congress must extend the #911health bill ‰ űň responders and survivors still suffer 13 yrs later . my op-ed in @thehill : <http>		national		neutral		M000087		twitter		personal
congratulations to the health impact award winners in the kentucky river area ! you are making a difference !		constituency		neutral		R000395		facebook		policy
house unanimously passed monday a bill i worked on w @repbilljohnson to save taxpayers millions by revising epa reg <http>		national		neutral		T000469		twitter		support
@banksisme @irishdavee that bill introduced by @eleanornorton i signed on last july . i'm a big skins fan but ds needs to rethink this .		national		partisan		E000290		twitter		policy
mcconnell testifies in defense of the first amendment ‰ űşs free speech protections <http>		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		information
i applaud president obama ‰ űşs leadership on #netneutrality . the internet cannot belong to the wealthy and well-connected ; it must be an open space for innovation , entrepreneurship , and communication - - a level playing field where success is founded on the best ideas , not the deepest pockets . we must have strong rules that protect consumer and innovators and will safeguard fair , fast and equal access to the internet . <http>		national		partisan		P000197		facebook		policy
@epa grants making rehabbing and revitalizing mills a reality in #ludlow and #lee . <http>		constituency		partisan		N000015		twitter		constituency
mandie and jason james from bryan , tx .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		personal
h / t for ur leadership onĺę #keystonexl - mt @leeterryne : landowner telling me & ĺę @repfreduptonĺęhe ' s pleased w / building a pipeline in his land .		national		neutral		S001176		twitter		policy
a picture of lieutenant ralph hall for throw back thursday . he graduated from rockwall high school in 1941 . he joined the u . s . navy on december 10th , 1942 , serving as an aircraft carrier pilot from 1942 to 1945 during world war ii , attaining the rank of lieutenant . i have had the honor to serve in congress with congressman ralph hall . thank you ralph hall for your service to america .		constituency		neutral		C001062		facebook		personal
nsa out of control : <http> #nsa #nsaspeech		national		partisan		S000033		twitter		policy
@erin9cotton likewise . thank you for being involved in agriculture in #ar . excited about what you , @mhyneman & others are doing for ag ! #ar1		constituency		partisan		C001087		twitter		personal
i was so excited to hear that new hampshire now ranks 17th in the nation in growth of women-owned businesses . however , there is still much more work to be done to continue this positive trajectory . my women ‰ űşs economic agenda outlines my priorities for congress , which could help level the playing field for new hampshire women and families .		constituency		neutral		K000382		facebook		personal
hey @mumfordandsons , @cityofottumwa can ‰ űşt wait for you ! great to see the community come together for this video . <http>		constituency		neutral		L000565		twitter		personal
writing a letter to the 1,000+ constituents needlessly being denied a whitehouse tour by president obama . my office will gladly provide capitol tours to folks visiting washington and continue working hard for the district , even with our own budgets cut by over 8 % this year .		constituency		neutral		F000451		facebook		personal
on senate floor : these #sugar reforms save taxpayers money - cbo estimates that reforms would save $ 82 million over the next 10 years		national		partisan		S001181		twitter		policy
seventy years ago today - d-day - 160,000 allied troops landed on a stretch of heavily-defended beaches along the coast of france , beginning the invasion of europe in world war ii . the largest amphibious invasion in history , it was the beginning of a hard fight across the continent and the first crack in germany's fortress europe . it paved the way for total victory for the allies and another triumph over evil . let's all remember those brave souls who lost their lives that day , and in the days that followed , so that we all may remain free to this day .		national		neutral		B001269		facebook		support
good luck to york county resident #danicashirey as she competes tonight on @nbcthevoice . learn more about danica here <http>		constituency		neutral		P000605		twitter		personal
3.7 million men , women , and children are on the front lines of #climatechange ‰ űň and that number will only grow . <http>		national		neutral		L000579		twitter		support
burden of student loan debt affects a borrower ‰ űşs ability to buy a home or plan for retirement . we need to do something about it . #fairshot		national		partisan		F000062		twitter		attack
thanks to scituate high school ‰ űşs ap government class for having me today to discuss civic engagement & the future of our state .		constituency		neutral		R000122		twitter		constituency
v plsd to see @cdcgov report showing childhood obesity falling in many states incl #ny <http> but we must cont . to do more !		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		policy
it took a nearly 13 - hour filibuster , but congrats to @senrandpaul for finally getting a response from the administration #standwithrand		national		partisan		D000619		twitter		support
i believe president obama offered many common sense proposals to reducing gun violence . for example , background ... <http>		national		partisan		N000015		twitter		support
the situation we face in syria today is partly the result of a failed foreign policy . it ‰ űşs time for a change of course . strike first , strategy later , is a recipe for disaster .		national		neutral		P000449		facebook		policy
follow @georgiapower for information about dealing with power outages .		constituency		neutral		S001157		twitter		information
catch me on freedomworks on tap tonight at 7:00 pm ! matt kibbe and i will be talking about #syria . click on the link below to watch the livestream !		national		neutral		M001184		facebook		information
great article in @elkharttruth on everythign you should know about #july4th <http>		national		neutral		W000813		twitter		information
have a fun , happy and safe #4thofjuly weekend ! #la02 #happy4thofjuly		national		neutral		R000588		twitter		support
#ff to my colleagues joining me to push for #nsa reform : @ronwyden @senatorleahy @senrandpaul @senblumenthal @martinheinrich #endthisdragnet		national		neutral		U000038		twitter		policy
watch me live on cspan right now - - i'm talking about sequestration . if we have not passed a bill to deal with our debt problem by march 1 , due to the sequester , many automatic and across the board cuts will be implemented .		national		neutral		S000030		facebook		other
kicking off my tour across the 2nd congressional district to raise awareness about the @usda summer food service program . #westernma #endhungernow		constituency		neutral		M000312		facebook		personal
it's official . the senate is moving ahead toward up or down votes on gun safety . thank you to rhode island's senator sheldon whitehouse and senator jack reed for your leadership . it's time for debate in the house too .		national		neutral		L000559		facebook		information
join me tomorrow for a live @facebook q & a to talk about the issues on your minds . <http> <http>		constituency		neutral		P000598		twitter		media
huge admission from @deptvetaffairs ig . plenty of evidence of data destruction and data manipulation . #criminal		national		partisan		H001057		twitter		attack
tx to the crawfordsville public library for hosting yesterday's productive coyc .		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		personal
rt @repjimmcdermott : if only the #gop were as committed to job growth as it is to meaningless gestures . #obamacare #37x <http>		national		partisan		G000551		twitter		policy
