<http> <http>		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		media
more great news for iu : the peace corps has ranked the bloomington campus as a top volunteer-producing university with 35 graduates currently serving with the peace corps . read more at <http>		constituency		neutral		Y000064		facebook		policy
the national endowment for the arts recently announced application guidelines for their excellent grant opportunity , the big read . the big read provides non-profit organizations with the resources needed to promote reading in local communities . any interested organizations can apply by clicking below !		national		neutral		K000379		facebook		information
i am extremely disappointed the supreme court continues to expand the power of the federal government over state governments . it is increasingly clear that decision-makers in washington should get outside the beltway more frequently to see the effects of their decisions on the other 99.9 % of the country . <http>		national		neutral		L000575		facebook		policy
on monday , a jury found trinity highway products to have committed fraud in failing to adequately notify federal officials of changes to their guardrails . the heads installed at the end of these rails are intended to slide along the rail and absorb the impact in the case of an accident . trinity ‰ űşs new rails ‰ űówhich they saved about $ 2 per head on ‰ űóoften jammed , causing the rail to pierce vehicles , putting lives in danger . this is unacceptable , and it took far too long for the us federal highway administration to start asking the right questions . the more i learn about the supposed watchdog function of these federal agencies , the more concerned i am about how cozy they are with the industry . today i called on the federal highway administration to expedite their investigation into trinity , and to provide a full report on their findings and how they have responded to safety concerns thus far . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001277		facebook		personal
i stopped to inspect the new votran intermodal bus terminal that should open in early 2014 . also , i visited the orange city va clinic and discussed options to get veterans better access to that medical center as well as the new va hospital .		constituency		neutral		M000689		facebook		personal
interested in a congressional internship ? the deadline to apply for a spring position in our washington d . c . office is december 1st , 2013 . send cover letter , resume and two writing samples to tx34internships@gmail.com for more information please visit our website : <http>		constituency		neutral		V000132		facebook		policy
robert's round-up : healthcare website poses major cybersecurity risks : <http>		national		partisan		H001060		facebook		support
caught again . potus and his team can't keep changing the laws and lying about their statements for their convenience . <http>		national		partisan		B001243		facebook		information
the house budget committee will hold a legislative mark up hearing of the fy 2014 house budget at 10:30 am today . bring your popcorn and watch live :		national		neutral		R000592		facebook		policy
this morning i had the pleasure of taking a look at the all-new 2014 chevrolet c7 corvette stingray ‰ űň what a beautiful car ! congratulations to all of those at general motors ; this car is a great example of american ingenuity and iconic style . it is wonderful to see detroit automakers continue to lead the way in producing great products that are being embraced by customers .		national		neutral		M001150		facebook		support
must read from @marcthiessen - - " kidnapped libyan prime minister pays the price for an obama leak " <http>		national		partisan		P000591		twitter		policy
read my weekly update to learn about my position regarding syria , the august jobs report , & my visits to southeast ks <http>		national		partisan		J000290		twitter		support
#medicare matters because it keeps southern arizona seniors healthy .		constituency		partisan		B001279		twitter		policy
how hard is it to pay rent on the minimum wage in #mn ? find out from @mn2020 : <http>		constituency		neutral		E000288		twitter		information
please share : wednesday is the eighth annual ‰ űďoperation hire a hoosier veteran ‰ űť job fair at the indiana state fairgrounds . nearly 200 employers will be in attendance and looking to hire qualified applicants .		constituency		neutral		C000542		facebook		information
please click here to listen to my #sotu reaction interview with @krdonewsradio <http>		national		neutral		L000564		twitter		media
at the @antiochpolice 47th neighborhood cleanup working to keep #antioch & #ca9 clean <http>		national		neutral		M001166		twitter		policy
i'm honored to join oneamerica , northwest immigrant rights project , mayor ed murray , michael ramos , and more at the #time4relief rally to continue the push for comprehensive immigration reform and to call on the president to provide expanded deportation relief to stop families from being ripped apart . #timeisnow		national		partisan		S000510		facebook		support
on #ksvr now . 3604167000 for cal-in		constituency		neutral		L000560		twitter		media
this policy of picking winners and losers , of saying we ‰ űşre going to have wind and solar energy but not fossil fuel energy or nuclear energy , even though those are the only ones sufficient to create base load , is reckless and it ‰ űşs dangerous for our country if we want to advance economically and create jobs and return to a sound economy . <http>		national		neutral		L000571		facebook		policy
it does my heart good to be surrounded by so many people who care so deeply about the future of this country . to those who came to today's coffee in colfax , thank you for your questions and feedback - - it makes me a better legislator to hear from you . if you weren't able to make it , please send me your questions and share your stories - - i want to know what's on your mind !		constituency		neutral		M001159		facebook		mobilization
the families who saw benefits lapse on dec 28 are counting on the senate to get ui extension over the finish line : <http>		national		neutral		C000174		twitter		policy
great visiting koike aronson , a growing wyoming county manufacturer that employs hundreds of western new yorkers . thank you to president and ceo jerry leary for showing me around the arcade , new york facility and introducing me to several members of the koike aronson team .		national		neutral		C001092		facebook		personal
must-read @wsj : " u . n . insecurity council - saudi arabia declines honor of joining a body that abets mass murder " <http>		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		information
the #farmbill continues the strong , no-cost u . s . sugar policy that supports 27k jobs & nearly $ 3.5 b in economic activity a yr for #louisiana		national		neutral		L000550		twitter		support
i had a great time at the 2014 values voter summit over the weekend . great running into my friends , josh duggar and congressman marlin stutzman . #vvs14		national		neutral		M001187		facebook		personal
it ‰ űşs 10/10 and i support hr 1010 that will #raisethewage to $ 10.10 an hour . #timefor1010		national		neutral		M000312		twitter		policy
biodiesel frm soybean , cooking oils reduces greenhouse gasses i helped to restore key tax incentive in financecom today		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		support
joined @martincountygov to again discuss & view firsthand the damage to our river . <http>		constituency		neutral		M001191		twitter		personal
getting ready to sit down with woody tasch , greg fischer and a hero of mine-wendell berry at #slowmoney14 . watch : <http>		national		neutral		P000597		twitter		information
rt @comfoodjustice : " we need to work towards a better definition of what ' rural ' means " @repjimcosta #fairfarmbill #farmbill		national		neutral		C001059		twitter		policy
congratulations to indian river state college on their well-deserved recognition by the aspen institute as a top ten institution nationwide ! read more here : <http>		constituency		neutral		M001191		facebook		personal
100 @fema workers in #co furloughed . #shutdown = harming critical #coflood recovery efforts & must end now . #enoughalready #lethousevote		constituency		partisan		U000038		twitter		attack
great , bipartisan legislation --> lawmakers push new savings account for people with disabilities <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		support
stay warm today northeast wisconsin .		constituency		neutral		R000587		twitter		personal
looking forward to hearing what obamacare architect jonathan gruber will have to say in tuesday's oversight committee hearing .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		policy
#noh8onthehill made the @washingtonpost ! i was so proud to help out with such a great event ... <http>		national		neutral		L000579		twitter		information
preserving and beautifying open space is so important . thanks to all who made today's ribbon cutting possible at charlestown's pawaget park !		constituency		neutral		L000559		twitter		personal
i voted no on the chu of ca amendment 8 to h r 3 . the amendment requires the government accountability office ( gao ) to conduct a study and prepare a report on the projected cleanup costs of a keystone xl pipeline spill . similar studies to the one the amendment requires have already been conducted as part of the environmental impact statement . the amendment failed 185-231 .		national		partisan		A000367		facebook		policy
appeared on america ‰ űşs newsroom this morning to discuss the administration ‰ űşs consistent overreach . in response , speaker boehner recently announced his intention to bring a lawsuit against president obama . we ‰ űşre discussing the resolution to do that in the rules committee this morning . <http>		national		neutral		C001053		facebook		information
headed to @whitehouse for the signing of bipartisan worker training bill to modernize our workforce development system #wioa		national		partisan		W000808		twitter		policy
#kansascommonsense ‰ űóurgent child migrant crisis , the e-rate program , ensuring rural fire depts . have resources & more <http>		constituency		partisan		M000934		twitter		media
read : our letter to potus on reforming the #va . he must lay out a vision for mending what is clearly a broken system <http>		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		attack
great crowd at my town hall in huron , i appreciated so many people making it out today . <http>		constituency		neutral		T000250		twitter		information
rt @sfareachamber : we're having lunch with @repkristinoem who will give us an update on d . c . and take q's from chamber members : ramada hote ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		N000184		twitter		constituency
uncertainty . that's the word i hear more than any other : uncertainty from more and more regulations , uncertainty about higher taxes , uncertainty about unstainable debt and the effects on our economy , and of course , uncertainty about the president's health care law . hardworking americans deserve better . they want fewer government mandates , more flexibility , and more certainty .		national		partisan		J000290		facebook		attack
icymi : on senate immigration proposal , bipartisan sponsors claim momentum for uphill battle <http>		national		neutral		D000600		facebook		information
president obama ‰ űşs #connected initiative gets important boost with support from @adobe : <http> .		national		partisan		E000215		twitter		information
honored to have received an ' a ' rating from americans for prosperity for my conservative voting record that " reflects tennessee ideals , not dc insider values . "		constituency		neutral		D000616		facebook		personal
i'm looking forward to the financial services subcommittee on capital markets & gse hearing this morning . we will examine the role fannie mae & freddie mac played in the financial crisis of ' 08 - ' 09 . fannie & freddie represent the costliest of all taxpayer bailouts in the last 3 years with a price tag between $ 191 - $ 209 billion by 2015 .		national		partisan		M001182		facebook		policy
skyping with magnolia high school students . very proud of their anti-bullying efforts . <http>		national		neutral		M001183		twitter		personal
today is the united nations public service day . there are so many ways that you can help your state and community , from volunteering at your local senior center or organizing a neighborhood clean up to mentoring a young person . take a look at the serve rhode island website or contact the agency to find volunteer and service opportunities near you .		constituency		neutral		L000559		facebook		information
almost as good as royal baby ! ‰ űď @malbertkstp : as 1st trip , new @usdot secretary 2 visit 35w bridge , meet @govmarkdayton & @amyklobuchar 2day "		national		neutral		K000367		twitter		support
planning a date for the apple of your eye ? there are 6 apple orchards to choose from in #harvard ! #3dthursday		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		personal
there is no better investment we can make in our young new mexicans than providing them with a good education . we have the responsibility to ensure that our children have proper support and attend high quality schools . unfortunately , recent studies about the well-being of our children show that new mexico ranks at the bottom or near the bottom in a number of categories . turning around the lowest achieving schools in our communities represents an important step forward in the effort to provide our children with a brighter future . this grant will help these schools better support their students with the goal of giving every child the opportunity to succeed through education .		constituency		neutral		L000570		facebook		policy
foundations and private industry are coming together for a $ 20 million appalachia partnership initiative to educate and train west virginia students to work in growing regional energy and manufacturing industries .		constituency		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
it's game day at the swamp and only #gators get out alive ! go uf ! #uffootball #uf #beattoledo #gogators <http>		national		neutral		B000911		twitter		support
the vernon emergency operations center is in high gear as gov . malloy updates first responders and town officials on the storm during his most recent statewide call . get up-to-the-minute info on nemo and storm preparedness at the ct demhs website : <http>		national		neutral		C001069		facebook		information
read my statement on cbo's latest report here : <http>		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		information
slc's @gsutah will host the 53rd annual @girlscouts national convention for the first time thu-sun . click for events : <http>		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		personal
potus : " i am optimistic that we can get immigration reform done this year " .		national		partisan		H001047		twitter		support
as a #father and #grandfather , i understand how important it is to secure the best care for our children . last night i voted for the child care and development block grant of 2014 , which will make early #childhood care more accessible and affordable to all #families . by setting higher standards for safety and training of child care personnel , millions of parents can rest easy knowing their #children are receiving childcare that is safer and better than ever before .		national		neutral		C001094		facebook		other
aca requires insurers to spend 80 % of premiums on medical care , as a result 8.5 m americans got a rebate #getcovered <http>		national		neutral		C000174		twitter		personal
this week's #militarymonday photo comes from capt . porter jones , a usmc congressional fellow in our dc office and ah - 1 cobra pilot . big thanks to capt . jones for the photo and his service . semper fi !		constituency		partisan		I000056		facebook		support
today , president #obama nominated me to represent my congressional colleagues at the united nations . i'm so proud to represent the east bay , and am looking forward to also representing my house colleagues at the 68th session of the general assembly of the united nations . read my full statement here :		national		neutral		L000551		facebook		support
on obamacare , we win , they lose . if enough americans rise up , we will #defundobamacare : <http> are you with us ?		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		support
congrats to ambkenquinn & john ruahfor outstanding 3day program at desmoines world food prize honoring this year prize winner sanjaya rajaram		national		neutral		G000386		twitter		personal
with bipartisan work & cooperation , we passed a bill that will #fixflood insurance rates for folks all across nd <http>		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		policy
natural gas found in #water wells near #fracking sites . <http>		national		neutral		G000551		twitter		information
#obamacare passed because a " lack of transparency " and " the stupidity of the american voter . " sorry , what ?		national		partisan		W000413		facebook		attack
the house passed the permanent internet tax freedom act this week . now the senate needs to act . #tcot #nointernettax <http>		national		partisan		B001283		twitter		policy
today the house passed h . r . 5 , the student success act . i voted in favor of it because it restores local control of education by : eliminating adequate yearly progress ( ayp ) , the no child left behind ‰ űďreport card ‰ űť requirement ; eliminating federal highly certified teacher requirements ; eliminating the federal government ‰ űşs ability to tell states how to spend their own education money ( maintenance of effort ); keeping federal funding at sequestration levels ; consolidating 70 funding programs into one single grant program , eliminating taxpayer funded management positions at the department of education headquarters ; and blocking the federal government from mandating ‰ űďcommon core ‰ űť standards . amendments also passed to remove federally mandated teacher evaluation requirements and to make title i dollars portable for public schools and charter schools , if a state so chooses . i'd like to thank everyone who responded to my facebook posts asking for feedback on this issue . i read them all , and your feedback helped me make decisions on dozens of amendments and on the overall passage of this bill . i offered an amendment that would have gone even further in removing the federal government from education , but unfortunately it was ruled out of order and was never considered . however , this bill does represent great progress in this area !		national		neutral		D000615		facebook		policy
introduced bill to extend r & d tax credit . <http> big econ bnfts <http> via @bradplumer in @washingtonpost		national		partisan		P000608		twitter		policy
sign up to receive email updates from sen . sanders here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		mobilization
just voted for sen . vitter ‰ űşs amendment to implement a biometric entry and exit system .		national		partisan		C001056		facebook		support
meet w / my staff at @davhq post 8 in mesa , this thursday from 4-5 : 30pm to get help dealing w / the gov't bureaucracy . <http>		national		neutral		S000018		twitter		information
i'm proud to help outstanding young men & women from across nc who want to attend 1 of our nation's 5 prestigious service academies		constituency		neutral		H001049		twitter		constituency
house will make it easy for senate democrats to act on #jobs ‰ ő <http>		national		neutral		M001165		twitter		support
but fewer than half have paid the premium ? / / georgia exchange applications hit 220,000 <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		information
this bill aims to get ahead of the massive wildfire threat that plagues communities throughout the country by making fire suppression and proactive forest management priorities . enacting this measure would prohibit the crippling practice of fire borrowing , while responsibly budgeting for wildfire management at levels commensurate with the size of the problem .		national		partisan		F000444		facebook		policy
saw this article in nyt today : <http> it's why i introduced a bill that seeks relief for chronically ill seniors : <http>		national		neutral		J000288		facebook		policy
out of this world ! rt @elizabethamber we have plenty of star trek and dr . who stuff at @comicfusion =) plus ya know ... comics .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
. @mikkijenson b / c if syria uses cw w / o any response from int ‰ űşl community , what would prevent iran or north korea from the same ? #askheidih		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		information
at 1pm ct , the house rules committee will meet on the success and opportunity through quality charter schools act and the resolution to establish a select committee on benghazi . watch our hearing live online : <http>		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		policy
tonight , two of my proposals to help veterans passed the house . <http>		national		neutral		C001094		facebook		other
as we celebrate armed forces day , let us remember the service and sacrifice of members of all of our military branches who keep us safe , free and the most blessed people and nation on earth . with appreciation , congressman john mica		national		neutral		M000689		facebook		mobilization
enjoyed sitting down with the first district ‰ űşs very own faiz rehman , host of voice of america ‰ űşs cafě © dc show . we spoke about a variety of topics including isis , afghanistan and even the local hunting scene . check out the interview here !		constituency		neutral		W000804		facebook		media
dana and i wish you a safe and blessed thanksgiving . i ‰ űşm thankful for this day to spend with my family , the food on our table , the servicemen and women who keep our nation safe , and the opportunity to represent you and your neighbors in tx19 . what are you thankful for ?		national		neutral		N000182		facebook		personal
in light of the recent report by the state dept . , after months of stalling , it's time for the white house to approve the keystone xl pipeline . we can harness north american energy sources to help create jobs here in the u . s .		national		partisan		G000289		facebook		policy
have a safe and relaxing labor day weekend , #ohio !		national		neutral		S001187		facebook		personal
discussed a # of issues at the veterans roundtable i hosted this morning including ed , jobs for vets , and the va . <http>		national		neutral		P000594		twitter		personal
i'm asking w / @reperikpaulsen , @senjohnbarrasso , and others why irs sees $ 100b in obamacare taxes as insignificant . <http>		national		partisan		E000285		twitter		policy
icymi : i joined msnbc ‰ űşs betty nguyen today to discuss how democrats are fighting to increase the minimum wage , and when republicans block this commonsense proposal , i support the president using his authority to help working families .		national		partisan		B001270		facebook		support
the students at darrington high have asked that this message be shared with you for all of your thoughts , prayers & support . logger up !		national		neutral		D000617		facebook		personal
icymi : my weekly interview with news talk 1620 wtaw .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		information
happy hispanic heritage month !		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		support
this news isn't good news .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		support
the house will consider another disaster relief package for sandy victims in upcoming days . i hope congress will devise a plan to directly help sandy victims that will be offset with spending reductions and be free of wasteful pork-barrel spending . congress has a responsibility to help disaster victims , but we also have a responsibility to taxpayers . instead of rushing to pass an aid package further bankrupting an already insolvent program like the national flood insurance program , i urge congress to devise a reasonable and cost-effective disaster assistance program .		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		support
kickoff is almost here ! #gobroncos #unitedinorange		national		neutral		C001077		twitter		support
joined onstage by @amyklobuchar sen . tom harkin & @iowademocrats chair scott brennan at jj dinner in dm . @teambraley <http>		national		neutral		B001259		twitter		personal
i answered the call of @beckylockhart - ice bucket challenge to fight cancer <http> i challenge @mayorbenmcadams #utpol		national		neutral		C001076		twitter		mobilization
enough is enough . standing w patients & families to call on @speakerboehner to allow house vote on clean , short-term cr to get america going		national		partisan		M000702		twitter		policy
cbo finds obamacare will lead to 2.5 m fewer full-time employees . #reformhealthcare		national		partisan		M001180		twitter		policy
christopher from palatka had a health care plan that worked for his family . now , due to #obamacare , he will have to purchase a higher-cost plan on the exchanges or face a penalty . #fl06		national		partisan		D000621		facebook		attack
rewind 1999 - the early days of gear up program becoming law @edpartnerships capitol hill's odd couple <http> via @salon		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		information
kaufman astoria studios outdoor backlot is ready and waiting for film and television crews to yell ' action ' and choose kaufman astoria studios and new york city as a location for filming .		national		neutral		S000148		facebook		support
we cannot afford to have technology that is used in our drones and navy seal delivery systems end up in the hands of the chinese government . <http>		national		neutral		B001243		facebook		policy
the cost of health insurance premiums for a new customer in the individual market under obamacare will go up $ 151 / month on average , and $ 130 / month for those keeping their current plan . according to the white house , we have nothing to worry about since customers will receive a $ 100 average rebate each year to offset these increased monthly costs . that's right , a $ 100 rebate to offset an annual increased premium cost of $ 1812 for new customers and $ 1560 for existing customers . the president's fuzzy math means that a lot of families and hardworking americans are going to have to further tighten their belts to foot the bill for this bad law . this is wrong , which is why in the house we continue to fight to repeal and replace obamacare with alternatives that will keep costs low , and provide quality , affordable health care for all americans--something this law fails to do .		national		partisan		T000470		facebook		policy
my good friend and colleague rob wittman is guest hosting the john fredericks radio show tomorrow morning - and i'll be joining him at 7:10 am to talk about job creation . listen live :		national		neutral		R000589		facebook		media
yesterday , @elainenekritz and i held a roundtable on #snap and #hunger . great to hear from our community about their needs . #awp2013 ...		national		partisan		D000622		twitter		support
why i voted against a bill that would raise the debt ceiling with no comprehensive spending reforms : <http>		national		partisan		R000586		twitter		policy
it is not fair that president obama is choosing to protect big businesses from obamacare , but not hardworking individuals and families . members continue to sign onto my letter encouraging house leadership to defund obamacare through the appropriations process . check out this great infographic from the heritage foundation on the need to defund .		national		neutral		M001187		facebook		support
#nc08 is privileged to be home to 10 female chamber of commerce presidents ‰ űň all women who are leading the way in our communities and helping cultivate an environment where businesses can succeed and create jobs . the panel of four chamber presidents at our #nc08 women's symposium provided insight into their professional backgrounds and experiences and discussed issues facing small businesses in our region today .		constituency		neutral		H001067		facebook		information
if @barackobama is truly worried about the full faith & credit he will do something about our out-of-control debt . #sotu #randresponds		national		partisan		P000603		twitter		attack
the house has passed another set of bills to stop and prevent human trafficking . i am calling on senate democrats to insist their leader , senator harry reid , take up these important bills . if we can ‰ űşt agree to protect victims of human trafficking , then the perpetrators are being protected . senator reid needs to let the senate vote now !		national		partisan		C001096		facebook		policy
looking forward to having @gabbygiffords as my guest at the #sotu tonight . great to you have you in the house !		national		neutral		B001279		twitter		personal
in case you missed it , here's a clip of my appearance on msnbc last night . i remain committed to doing all i can to learn more about how we can ease the grave situation on the border .		national		partisan		B001248		facebook		personal
rt @rosadelauro : great to be with so many strong women talking about how the affordable care act is helping millions <http>		national		neutral		H001063		twitter		information
the delicate task ahead of us is to set the conditions for a rebuilding of our relationship with egypt . <http>		national		neutral		F000449		twitter		policy
we are hearing there have been injuries sustained by a member of the us capitol police . i wish all those injured a full and speedy recovery . to all u . s . capitol police : thank you for keeping us safe , and thank you for your service .		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		personal
icymi : my interview with @loudobbsnews last night on @foxbusiness : <http>		national		partisan		S001176		twitter		policy
good news for #lgbt seniors and equality . it also means the potential for fewer seniors living poverty . <http>		national		neutral		D000598		twitter		policy
bipartisan support . #ecpa needs to be updated for the digital age so that we can protect our online communications ! #emailprivacyact		national		partisan		Y000063		twitter		policy
" happy " tax day . did you know that the us tax code is 74,000 pages long and that the average american will spend 13 hours preparing their taxes ? how can a tax code that long , that complex , and that confusing be good ? i believe we need comprehensive tax reform that simplifies the code , eliminates special interest loopholes and deductions , broadens the tax base , and lowers rates . that type of tax code reform would boost economic growth and create jobs .		national		neutral		H001055		facebook		policy
computer glitch creates world's first trillionaire . #obamacare ‰ ű ÷ glitches ‰ űş $ 1 trillion new debt . <http> #fail		national		neutral		H001057		twitter		information
we ‰ űşre holding a ‰ űďwhat the new healthcare law means for small business ‰ űť seminar with sba and az small business association on sept 30th at 8: 30a . rsvp here : <http>		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
i celebrate this day , i cherish this day , and you will remember the date on the calendar as the date that you became now and forever a naturalized , full-fledged , american citizen .		national		neutral		K000362		facebook		personal
help a veteran in your life , share our veteran resource guide with them . <http> <http>		national		neutral		S001191		twitter		information
honored to receive ‰ űďsummer of 2013 champion of seniors award ‰ űť at the waterbury senior center yesterday . we must continue to protect and strengthen social security and medicare for current and future generations of seniors .		constituency		neutral		E000293		facebook		personal
meeting with citizens in grants during a town hall tonight to take questions and provide answers , or offer help , about issues important to them .		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		support
the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends towards justice . - martin luther king , jr . <http>		national		neutral		S000033		twitter		personal
17 billionth barrel of oil entered taps this weekend . thx @alyeskapipeline and the countless individuals fueling this vital ak lifeline		national		neutral		Y000033		twitter		personal
i was proud to meet with fellow eagle scouts from across the nation at the national eagle scout association's gathering of the eagles reception this evening .		constituency		neutral		S000250		facebook		information
rt @speakerboehner : " when potus said ‰ ű_'if you like your plan , you can keep it , ' he really didn't mean it " - @cbsnews <http>		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		policy
pres is right , 50 years of isolation has not worked . we need to increase people to people exchanges . #cubapolicy		national		neutral		F000030		twitter		support
our #madeinwi economy is always cooking up something good ! check out @madisoncollege ' s new culinary training center . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001230		twitter		support
i know that the fourth district has little appetite for politicians who are not direct about where they stand on important issues . so i want to be extremely clear on this : i will absolutely , positively , 100 percent oppose any legislation that grants amnesty to those who have come this country illegally . if that puts me at odds with house leadership , so be it . please share and help get the word out .		constituency		partisan		D000616		facebook		policy
thnx @senatorbarb mikulski @senblumenthal @maziehirono 4 cosponsoring the smartphone theft prevention act . 1/3 of burglaries are now cells !		national		neutral		K000367		twitter		policy
( taken from posted wokv interview ) congressman yoho says the decision to release the detainees in exchange for a soldier the u . s . military says walked away from his post in afghanistan was poor leadership . he also believes it sets a bad precedent . " our enemies don't fear or respect us and i think respect is the most important part here . " <http>		national		neutral		Y000065		facebook		policy
ty & keep fighting ! mt @cecilerichards sending a special happy valentines wish to @franklautenberg - a lifelong champion for women & girls !		national		neutral		L000123		twitter		support
today i testified before the u . s . house judiciary committee about my bill to defund the ‰ űďpublic advocate ‰ űť for illegal immigrants at immigration & customs enforcement . read a transcript of my remarks here : <http>		national		partisan		B001273		facebook		policy
i'm speaking to the agricultural council of arkansas today in marianna . there is a great crowd of folks here despite the rain .		constituency		neutral		C001087		facebook		media
it's #americaneducationweek ! thanks to all educators in ri & nationwide @educationweek @neatoday @nearhodeisland @edvotes #aew2014		national		neutral		L000559		twitter		personal
" revelations confirmed complaints [ cornyn ] had received in 2011 and 2012 from ... the king street patriots , san ... <http>		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		attack
members of my staff will be in texarkana , lewisville , and stamps on september 4th to answer your va related questions . hope you can make it ! details here :		national		neutral		C001095		facebook		mobilization
the ebola virus is a serious international threat to public health that must be contained and extinguished in west africa . this requires a global response , including the on-going commitment by u . s . civilian and military personnel . for this crucial humanitarian relief mission , it is no surprise that the pentagon is calling on minnesota ‰ űşs red bulls with their proven record of expertise , skill , and resourcefulness . while they will not be treating patients , their mission is vital to containing this virus in africa and ultimately saving lives . as with any mission , the health and safety of our soldiers are my highest priorities . i have been working with the u . s . department of defense for months to ensure that u . s . troops are trained and ready to assist in this important work , and that extra steps are being taken to protect their health , including providing personal protective equipment and training about the disease . i will also work to ensure our soldiers receive the compensation and benefits they deserve during this deployment . the citizen-soldiers of the red bull 34th infantry division headquarters are leaders of the highest caliber , having been called on combat missions in iraq and afghanistan and peacekeeping missions in kosovo and bosnia . with this deployment to liberia , our minnesota red bulls will once again have the support and gratitude of the american people . i wish our troops much success in this important humanitarian mission and their families have my full support .		national		neutral		M001143		facebook		policy
the president said that if you like your plan , you can keep it - period . unfortunately for millions of americans , that has turned out to be untrue . in case you missed it , action news jacksonville reported last night on a bill i have introduced that will allow you to #keepyourplan . watch the full interview below !		national		neutral		D000621		facebook		support
it's ironic that the president is calling the #bordercrisis a " problem , " since it is a problem he helped create . <http>		national		partisan		S001154		twitter		attack
the south breeze is blowing the sweet fragrance of our pollinating wheat field into our yard.smells wonderful . i love living in the country !		national		neutral		H001053		twitter		support
i'm going on the garrison show at 10:30 this morning . listen in at 98.1 fm wibc or at <http> .		national		neutral		Y000064		facebook		media
tonite will be great moment in co history ! thrilled to play role in bringing families together on this historic occasion . #civilunions		national		partisan		D000197		twitter		policy
i will join my colleagues on the steps of the capitol this morning in honor of the twelfth observation of #sept11 2001 . #neverforget911		constituency		neutral		H000329		twitter		personal
glad senate passed legislation i intro ‰ űşd w @amyklobuchar to designate nat ‰ űşl drug take-back week & heroin abuse awareness month this fall		national		partisan		A000368		twitter		support
rt @financialcmte #doddfrank | three years later <http>		national		partisan		D000621		twitter		policy
el congresista luis gutiě © rrez acerca de la #reformamigratoria : ‰ űďo actěľan los republicanos o actěľa el presidente . ‰ űť vea la entrevista con jorge ramos ayer en al punto .		national		partisan		G000535		facebook		policy
icymi : wolf highlights cjs provisions in 2014 omnibus <http>		national		neutral		W000672		twitter		information
the brownfields program has a proven track record of helping idaho communities rehabilitate abandoned and polluted properties throughout the state , increasing safety , attracting new business and creating jobs . i commend the senate environment and public works committee for moving forward with the brownfields utilization , investment and local development act by voting it unanimously out of committee . this legislation improves the already successful and effective program by increasing access for rural and small communities and providing much-needed certainty for long-term projects . read my full statement .		constituency		neutral		C000880		facebook		policy
rt @reptomrice @repdesantis , thank you for cosponsoring my #stopres and joining my discussion on the house floor tonight !		national		neutral		D000621		twitter		support
president obama says he ‰ űďdeplores violence in egypt ‰ űť , but u . s . foreign aid continues to help pay for it .		national		partisan		P000603		twitter		attack
i joined senator schumer in calling for all-hands-on-deck to combat the heroin epidemic in our neighborhoods . designating the hudson valley as a high intensity drug trafficking area enables our local , state and federal law enforcement agencies to partner together and ensures our law enforcement officials who are working every day to get drugs off our streets have the federal and state resources they need to combat drug trafficking in our communities .		constituency		partisan		M001185		facebook		constituency
happening now-at news conf . w . chef tom colicchio , dem . leader pelosi and others : don't slash $ 40 billion from snap . <http>		national		partisan		F000455		facebook		media
undersecretary hickey explaining how #va is utilizing technology to better assist #veterans and reduce the backlog .		national		neutral		B001257		facebook		personal
rt @speakerboehner : house votes again to continue benefits for families of fallen troops <http> disgraceful that this relie ‰ ű_		national		partisan		U000031		twitter		policy
the @pueblochieftain on our #immigration bill : " congress has a historic opportunity to do something useful . " <http>		national		neutral		B001267		twitter		information
thx to pres obama , longest war in our history is now coming to an end . we owe our troops gratitude & support as they return home		national		partisan		R000053		twitter		support
thanks for standing w / me to preserve #medicareadvantage choice for seniors . we're 108 strong ! #ff @repjimmatheson @buckmckeon @repmckinley		national		neutral		R000598		twitter		support
yes . rt @themainepain ui vote this week ?		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		policy
folks gathered at the federal government fueled low wage economy : low wage worker meeting at cbc-alc . <http>		national		neutral		E000288		twitter		media
a nuclear weapons capable #iran presents a grave threat to the national security interest of the united states and its allies . over the coming weeks , i will work with my colleagues in the senate to pass bipartisan iran sanctions legislation as soon as possible .		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		policy
best wishes to native iowan and former drake university golf star @zachjohnsonpga this week at the masters ! <http>		constituency		neutral		L000111		twitter		support
@michaellambe what's the concern ? i am waiting for details but want to see secure border & worker program w-out citizenship ?		national		partisan		H001067		twitter		support
i applaud #potus for using legal authority to improve our broken immigration system , but only #congress can provide #cir #immigrationaction		national		neutral		Q000023		twitter		support
news : glad @interior is releasing $ 475mil for #sandyrecovery : <http> . as we near summer tourist season , we cont'd to rebuild		national		neutral		M000639		twitter		support
the house has voted to defund #obamacare and keep the government open . now the #senatemustact : <http> #tx25		national		partisan		W000816		twitter		information
with david and annette jackson		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		personal
today ‰ űşs schedule : the house of representatives is beginning debate on the department of defense appropriations act and related amendments <http>		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		policy
this morning the judiciary committee is holding a hearing titled ‰ űďconstitutional solution to our escalating national debt : examining balanced budget amendments . ‰ űť i support a constitutional amendment to balance the budget . a balanced budget amendment would require washington to balance its budget , just like the families and businesses in southwest missouri . the house of representatives brought a balanced budget amendment to a vote on november 18 , 2011 . i voted for the balanced budget amendment , but unfortunately the measure failed to gain the two-thirds majority vote it needed to pass .		national		neutral		L000576		facebook		information
proud to be named to the top 5 when it comes to proposed spending cuts in the united states senate . i look forward to continuing to fight to cut out-of-control spending . please share this if you think washington has a spending problem .		national		partisan		G000359		facebook		policy
this week , the house will take up legislation to combat human trafficking . my latest op-ed touches on the efforts to stop this awful scourge on our society :		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		policy
" let me be clear , federal workers did not cause this shutdown and should not lose pay because of it . " - @brianschatz		national		partisan		S001194		twitter		policy
proud to announce $ 7.1 million to help provide much-needed support for mental health services in newtown . the community of newtown has faced unimaginable tragedy with incredible strength and resiliency . survivors , families , law enforcement , and first responders deserve sustained counseling services and enhanced school safety resources . i will continue to do all i can every day to support them and to ensure that the community of newtown has the resources it needs to fully recover and heal		constituency		neutral		E000293		facebook		information
earlier today i held a press conference with rochester media discussing my efforts to end gun violence . if you haven't had a chance to do so yet , please leave me your thoughts on what congress should to do end gun violence in the comments below !		constituency		neutral		S000480		facebook		policy
great to see @rancho_cordova mayor linda budge & other city leaders in d . c . good talk on improving local transit . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001287		twitter		constituency
in honor of national peace officers memorial day , i ‰ űşd like to thank our law enforcement officials who have bravely and tirelessly worked to keep our communities safe . about 140-160 officers are killed in the line of duty each year and their families and co-workers are left to cope with the tragic loss . we take this day to honor our law enforcement officials who have dedicated their lives to our safety and unfortunately paid the ultimate sacrifice for our protection . taking place during police week , thousands of law enforcement officers travel to washington , d . c . to participate in events honoring these men and women . i thank our law enforcement officials who have bravely and tirelessly worked to keep our communities safe .		national		neutral		S001165		facebook		personal
had the opportunity to speak to the employees at valu merchandisers in fort scott right before my tour ! thanks all ! <http>		national		neutral		J000290		twitter		support
was on @fox5sandiego this am to talk #studentloanrates , #nsa , #immigrationreform , & #bipartisanship . <http> #dropthatdebt		national		partisan		P000608		twitter		personal
thanks to all who came out to the #aapi heritage month celebration i hosted w / @cmkoslowitz tonight in #regopark . <http>		constituency		neutral		M001188		twitter		personal
@nowarforisrael u can try to attack motives but i certainly take the policy points u make less seriously .		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		policy
great to meet charlie daniels over the weekend in texas ! we had a great chat about the laffer curve .		constituency		neutral		G000552		facebook		information
tune in to news radio 560 whyn tomorrow morning at 8: 05 . i'll be on for my regular segment .		national		neutral		N000015		facebook		support
today i voted for the no budget , no pay act . this will require the house and senate to each pass a budget resolution . if they don ‰ űşt , then members won ‰ űşt get paid . the house passes a budget every year , but the senate hasn ‰ űşt passed one in four years . it is time for the senate to start working for the people , if they can ‰ űşt do that , they shouldn ‰ űşt get a paycheck .		national		partisan		S001154		facebook		support
welcome home to #cny ‰ űşs olympian @erinhamlin . this community is so proud of you for winning the bronze . #teamusa #ny22 <http>		national		neutral		H001051		twitter		personal
@medicaregov open enrollment starts next week . i am holding two assistance events oct . 22 in kck & nov . 6 in mission : <http>		national		neutral		Y000063		twitter		mobilization
today , the house voted to ensure that our heroes will never again end up on a secret waiting list . #pjnet #va <http>		national		neutral		G000548		twitter		policy
new from the #irs : ‰ ű ÷ everything comes from the top . ‰ űş the american people need to start getting answers ‰ űónot contradicting testimony . <http>		national		neutral		S001189		facebook		support
bipartisan budget deal is step in right direction ( though not ideal ) - reduces deficit and does not raise taxes . <http>		national		neutral		R000593		twitter		support
#obamacare signed 4 years ago today ; a bad law made worse by errors , misinformation & costly regulations : <http> #fullrepeal		national		partisan		C000567		twitter		policy
read judy gross's appeal for release of her husband alan , in #usatoday #bringalanhome ‰ űň <http> @jcrcgw		national		partisan		L000174		twitter		policy
senator johnson held a town hall this weekend in west bend .		constituency		neutral		J000293		facebook		media
one of the best displays of sportsmanship & it comes straight out of the @cityofreno . article via @rgj ‰ űşs @guyclifton : <http>		national		neutral		H001041		twitter		information
rt @ronwyden : . @senatorbarb , @markudall & i will file our ndaa amdt to bring more transparency to rulebook the nsa plays by . it's a 1st ste ‰ ű_		national		partisan		U000038		twitter		policy
at the us-israel innovation index reception , honored to be here to talk about our strong partnership between us and israel in research & development and beyond .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		personal
power to the people . <http>		national		partisan		G000556		twitter		policy
.		national		partisan		L000263		facebook		policy
the president caused the self-inflicted crisis on our border by refusing to enforce the law and now he is requesting a $ 3.7 billion bailout from the taxpayers to rectify his mistakes . while we must address this administration-made catastrophe in texas , we must address it with the full weight of the law . as chairman of the appropriations subcommittee on homeland security , i have a constitutional responsibility to defend the united states of america and secure our border . as my colleagues and i review the president ‰ űşs proposal , i will continue to take a strong leadership position to implement the necessary changes that need to be made in the laws and allow these immigrants to be quickly returned to their home countries . we must fund laws that put americans ‰ űş safety and our national security first and not give the president a blank check to fund his executive orders		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
getting ready to speak on the @edshow about #obamacare tonight . tune in to msnbc around 5:20 pm et .		national		neutral		W000802		twitter		media
hable c @pedaleabernie en @radiomambi710 sbr voto sin consecuencia d mariela #castro en parlamento falso #cubano . es otro cuento del rě © gimen .		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		policy
i had the honor today to meet special olympian and fellow auburn-native tyler may . he ‰ űşs an incredible golfer and an even more incredible person .		national		neutral		R000578		facebook		personal
today marks 70 years since d-day , the day that 156,000 allied troops bravely stormed the beaches of normandy . these patriots helped shaped the course of history for freedom in the free world . we will never forget the courage , valor and sacrifice of the " greatest generation . "		national		neutral		W000816		facebook		personal
‰ űď @jslconsulting : #ff for national #baldisbeautiful day don't mess with texas = = > @repkevinbrady @replouiegohmert #tcot ‰ űť 2 great texans		constituency		neutral		B001248		twitter		constituency
want to know which of your senators voted to block #equalpay ? find out here : <http> :/ / t.co/ve8qyfteqy		national		partisan		B001277		twitter		information
this afternoon , i toured converge teen centers , inc . in leesburg with pastors mike matheny and marco gallardo . i appreciate the volunteers and mentors who serve to maintain this positive , safe space for local teenagers .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		constituency
i was proud to join with my colleagues today to announce the creation of the congressional full employment caucus , to serve as a platform and working group for members of congress dedicated to identifying solutions to our current unemployment crisis and advocating for legislative action . as congressional leaders , we must focus on long-term strategies that put americans back to work and eliminate the wage gap .		national		neutral		W000187		facebook		policy
i'm getting ready to send out my first official newsletter . have you signed up so you can stay up to date on the latest news in dc and district 14 ? if not , you can do so below !		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		support
at metroplan orlando , i brought together traffic engineers with state and local officials to review progress on developing a plan to use technology to relieve congestion on our major arterial highways in central florida .		constituency		neutral		M000689		facebook		information
good morning ! tune in during the 6am hour today to @khonnews to hear from rep . gabbard on isis & more : <http>		constituency		neutral		G000571		twitter		media
as part of my continued efforts to listen to job creators and speak with local businesses , i toured charloma inc . in burlington to learn about their company and how they produce plastic molds .		constituency		neutral		J000290		facebook		personal
join me tomorrow for coffee and a discussion about how we can work together to prevent future tragedies . #notonemore		national		neutral		C001036		facebook		policy
scotus gets it right and allows pro-marriage equality rulings to stand ! great day for justice for families in virginia and 10 other states .		constituency		partisan		C001078		twitter		policy
you can read my full letter to sec sebelius here : <http>		national		partisan		I000056		twitter		policy
yes , the president won re-election . but so did the house he accuses of being obstructive . maybe he should talk to us and not just putin .		national		neutral		P000602		twitter		policy
moments ago , i spoke on the house floor urging my colleagues to support the save american workers act . be sure to check out my remarks and learn more about the bill at my youtube channel .		national		neutral		K000363		facebook		support
stop harming our kids #shok resolution urges states to end harmful and discredited sexual orientation change efforts <http>		national		neutral		S001175		twitter		policy
who said obamacare is bad . well , at least the big health insurance companies that meet with obama are making out " like bandits . " your loss of affordable insurance ( and government-mandated purchase of their insurance ) is their gain . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		policy
on this day day in 1964 the civil rights act was signed into law .. <http>		national		neutral		B001242		twitter		information
rt @perkasieborough : due to the extreme flooding , callowhill street from 3rd to walkers way is currently closed . <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
rt @in_soy1 : thank you to @toddrokita for a great meeting to discuss #agriculture with our #indiana soybean farmers ! <http>		constituency		neutral		R000592		twitter		personal
questions about how health care reform impacts your medicare ? here's a short answer :		national		partisan		H001047		facebook		support
. @meridianstar : <http> @greggharper discusses #kidsfirst act to boost funding for pediatric medical research cc : @gopleader		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		policy
hanging out in studio at lite 98 this morning w / bill and shelley . #rva @ clear channel richmond <http>		national		neutral		W000805		twitter		media
congrats to ragged edge coffee house of gettysburg on the opening of their new location at at 82 steinwehr avenue .		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		personal
we introduced a bipartisan bill with congressman mike coffman to cut wasteful spending and save taxpayers nearly $ 200 billion . learn more :		constituency		neutral		S001191		facebook		information
i went to the white house to urge the administration to support renewable energy by maintaining renewable fuel requirements . our country must move away from its dependence on fossil fuels , toward a renewable energy economy , and ethanol is a critical component . as a scientist and businessman , i believe that policy decisions should be based on the most accurate numbers , and recent analyses show that modern ethanol production is an important tool to preserve our environment and expand our economy .		national		neutral		F000454		facebook		policy
i voted yes on #hr2 , american energy solutions for lower costs and more american jobs act . the bill combines several pieces of energy-related legislation that previously passed the house . the legislative package seeks to expand u . s . energy production and reduce bureaucratic red tape . it passed 226-191 .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		policy
ben - will be voting soon tonight , more debates and votes to follow tomorrow , tune in on cspan 2 <http>		national		neutral		C000141		twitter		support
disgraceful . secretary kerry , no us visas for iranian hostage takers .		national		neutral		C001098		facebook		support
murray on 20wk abortion ban : " no matter who introduces it , it is not going anywhere in the senate " <http> #standwithwomen		national		partisan		M001111		twitter		information
proud to join colleagues in call to end workplace discrimination against #lgbt federal workers #enda @lgbteqcaucus <http>		national		neutral		E000293		twitter		policy
en breve al aire junto a kike cruz por notiuno 630am		national		neutral		P000596		facebook		personal
some of you have been asking for the nine bipartisan bills we introduced last week as part of the congressional problem solvers group . a complete list is now up on my website :		national		neutral		N000127		facebook		policy
congressman ron desantis endorses rep . raěľl r . labrador for republican majority leader : this week , the house republican conference will vote to elect a new majority leader for the house of representatives to fill the position currently held by eric cantor . the defeat of a sitting house majority leader is unprecedented , and , by my lights , represented a firm rebuke to the washington , dc establishment . the question is : will house republicans get the message ? the vote is by secret ballot , but i believe that members should be transparent with their constituents and disclose who they support . i will be voting for congressman raěľl labrador . raěľl labrador is a conservative reformer who will stand for liberty and challenge washington sacred cows . he is also a skilled communicator who is capable of articulating limited government principles to a broad cross-section of americans . i am happy to support a change agent like raěľl for the position of house majority leader . below is a good take from hugh hewitt about what raěľl would bring to the table as the next house majority leader . <http>		national		partisan		A000367		facebook		policy
l . i . r . r . strike is averted , cuomo announces <http>		constituency		neutral		C001067		twitter		media
happy to be address a good group in #fairviewpark always good to be in #cuyahoga county #oh16 <http>		constituency		neutral		R000586		twitter		information
conversations with conservatives kicks off at 11:30 am et . watch us here : <http>		national		neutral		M001184		facebook		support
@brianonorio it's probably available at your local library or on your ereader of choice - <http>		national		partisan		M001156		twitter		personal
where are the jobs in paul ryans budget ? all i see are crucial investment cuts & tax loophole preservation #gopbudget <http>		national		neutral		R000577		twitter		support
if you're on #maui tomorrow morning , tune in to @kpoa935fm for talk story w / alaka'i paleka and rep . tulsi gabbard @ 8: 30am .		national		neutral		G000571		twitter		media
is the obama administration losing touch with reality ? <http> via @dcexaminer		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		attack
4 tests for isis strategy : 3 ) stay out of the syrian civil war ; this could badly backfire on us if we get it wrong .		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		support
a great lunch at hotel congress in #tucson - one of the great historic hotels of #arizona <http>		constituency		neutral		M000303		twitter		personal
jackson's greenhouse & garden center		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		personal
#fmla has been helping families for 20 years , but we need to do more #paidleavenow @npwf		national		neutral		T000468		twitter		support
ahora : en vivo @foxnews p hablar sobre acuerdo nuclear #iran + implicaciones p seguridad nacional eeuu + de aliados . @shannonbream @anhqdc		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		policy
like & share if you agree that it's time to build the keystone xl pipeline .		national		neutral		B001243		facebook		mobilization
did you know oklahoma city now will be represented in the u . s . senate with its own resident , rep . james lankford , for the first time in 46 years ? i look forward to serving alongside sen . - elect lankford in the new congress and working together on issues that are important to all oklahomans . please take a moment to read the fun facts about the oklahoma delegation in wayne greene ‰ űşs column in the tulsa world : <http>		constituency		neutral		I000024		facebook		personal
house dems have a 100 - day action plan to put the #middleclassfirst .		national		partisan		J000126		twitter		information
did you know that nearly 80 % of lung cancer is due to either a previous smoking habit or a current one ? this month is lung cancer awareness month as well as today marks the great american smokeout , in which the american cancer society challenges those current smokers to set this day as their quit date .		national		neutral		V000131		facebook		policy
a nuclear iran is the gravest threat facing the u . s . and our allies . the u . s . must respond with crippling sanctions . that's why i am convening a hearing tomorrow in the house foreign affairs committee to ask administration officials critical questions regarding the u . s . policy toward iran . read more at foreignaffairs.house.gov .		national		neutral		R000487		facebook		support
great to visit @kmart pharmacy in @mentor_ohio this morning and learn more about their work . #oh14 <http>		constituency		neutral		J000295		twitter		constituency
the 113th congress was sworn in today . we have critically important work ahead of us . i'm honored to represent the 22nd district of texas . #tx22		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		other
taping a special show with my conservative colleagues that will air tonight on fox news at 9pm ct . tune in to hear our reaction to the state of the union .		national		neutral		G000552		facebook		mobilization
why are more people losing their insurance than getting it ? #asksebelius <http>		national		partisan		B000589		twitter		policy
thank you to everyone at natick soldier systems center for a terrific visit . i'm proud to support your innovation and your work to keep our servicemen and women safe . the center's doriot climatic chambers are a one-of-a-kind facility that can reproduce environmental conditions occurring anywhere around the world .		national		neutral		C001101		facebook		policy
@thevaliumsofa it was the right thing to do .		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		personal
thank you @repsinema for drawing attention to veteran suicide prevention , raising awareness to #stop22aday <http>		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		personal
texans & companies like cps are helping curb their carbon footprint #cleanenergy <http>		national		neutral		D000399		twitter		information
north pole showed up in full force for #eielson meeting last night . my staffer janelle & intern haley went to take part <http>		national		neutral		B001265		twitter		policy
this weekend i had the chance to speak at the stop bullying rally and 5k at bolingbrook high school . thank you to everyone who is standing up and speaking out to stop bullying . it is only as a community of students , parents and teachers that we can begin to confront the issue of bullying head on .		constituency		neutral		F000454		facebook		policy
speaking on the senate floor on my amendment w / my colleagues to strengthen gender-based pay anti-discrimination laws <http>		constituency		partisan		F000463		twitter		information
so excited to participate @aipac #policyconference . #aipac14 #iamproisrael <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		personal
thanks to arizona governor jan brewer for vetoing a harmful bill that would have allowed businesses to refuse service to the #lgbt community . she proved that legislation like this is misguided and wrong . <http>		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		support
apropiado q maduro + ortega juntos en #nicaragua , ambos manipuladores d elecciones . #venezuela + nicaragua necesitan elecciones libres .		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		policy
6 days left to #getcovered on the il exchanges ‰ űólearn how : <http> @coveredillinois		constituency		partisan		D000563		twitter		mobilization
today is national human trafficking awareness day . please take the time to learn about how you can help fight against modern-day slavery .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		personal
rt @speakerboehner : delivering a speech today @aei based on ideas that didn't come from washington : <http> #5pts4jobs		national		partisan		C000059		twitter		policy
congrats to the congressional art competition winners from #ca43 : christopher lizama , adrian sanchez , soohyun park & adilah trimble !		national		neutral		W000187		twitter		personal
what a great way to help local businesses .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		support
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): va secretary confirmed : robert mcdonald , president barack obama ‰ űşs nominee to be the next veterans affairs secretary , was confirmed by the senate tuesday as congress prepared to vote on a major bipartisan va reform bill . the 97-0 confirmation vote came as congress was poised to approve a $ 17 billion bill by sen . bernie sanders and rep . jeff miller to refurbish the va and improve veterans ' health care , the associated press reported . why do you want this job ? : with his confirmation , mcdonald may have been handed the biggest challenge of his life : responsibility for leading a vast federal agency scarred by bureaucratic dysfunction . the previous secretary , eric shinseki , resigned under intense bipartisan criticism . the agency was left with such a long list of problems that senate veterans affairs committee chairman sanders bluntly asked mcdonald at a confirmation hearing last week , ‰ űď'why do you want this job ? ‰ űť mcdonald , whose life has been a procession of increasingly demanding leadership roles , replied : ' ' if not me , who ? ' ' according to the new york times . house set to take up $ 17 billion va reform bill : with a new veterans affairs secretary in place , congress is likely to move quickly to approve a bill to refurbish the va and improve veterans ' health care . the house could vote as early as wednesday , with a senate vote soon after . the measure by sen . sanders and rep . miller includes $ 10 billion in emergency spending to help veterans who can't get prompt appointments with va doctors to obtain outside care ; $ 5 billion to hire doctors , nurses and other medical staff ; and about $ 1.5 billion to lease 27 new clinics across the country , ap reported . corporate deserters : lawmakers are growing tired of corporate america's persistent efforts to dodge u . s . taxes . in the past month , congress and the white house have denounced a loophole that lets companies lower their tax rate by moving their headquarters overseas . now , a group of democrats in congress want to make sure that any company that incorporates overseas would be barred from doing business with the government . sen . carl levin who introduced the bill in the senate with sen . richard durbin , the washington post reported . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		information
thanks for sharing , have a great #independenceday ! rt ‰ űď @adamslane17 : @repstevestivers watching #musical 1776 ‰ űť		national		neutral		S001187		twitter		personal
we came together 20yrs ago w / a commitment to our moms , sisters , daughters , + friends that violence has no place in a relationship #vawa20		national		neutral		M000933		twitter		personal
our nation ‰ űşs veterans deserve the best care possible , but sadly too many are being left behind . i am especially troubled that the mobile clinic and biloxi hospital , the leading providers in our area , are both on the list of only 112 facilities nationwide to be selected for further review by the va inspector general . i will continue to push for answers and results from the va as the investigation moves forward .		national		neutral		B001289		facebook		policy
. @patriotmom61 i have voted against aid for libya & egypt . must prioritize spending 4 us needs & not 4 those countries who work against us .		national		neutral		W000804		twitter		support
. @powerhrg plans to create 200 #il05 jobs this year . thanks for making 200 families so much happier ! <http>		constituency		neutral		Q000023		twitter		information
rt @montefrank1 : our hearts ache . our thoughts and prayers from sandy hook to dc . tomorrow we get back to work to end this madness . headi ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		H001047		twitter		personal
i was delighted to participate in the park cities rotary club ‰ űşs fourth of july parade . #tx32 #independenceday <http>		constituency		neutral		S000250		twitter		personal
inconvenient facts : president obama offers plan to destroy jobs for low-income americans ... like and share !		national		neutral		B000213		facebook		mobilization
ready for #sb48 . go #broncos ! #unitedinorange <http>		constituency		neutral		D000197		twitter		personal
in 2/3 of families with children , a woman is either the primary or co-breadwinner , so her earnings are vital to their families .		national		partisan		F000455		twitter		policy
emotional gathering of congress today on the capitol steps , remembering those lost on 9/11 through prayer and a singing of " god bless america . " moments like this remind us that even though we remain divided on certain issues , we are all still united as americans .		national		neutral		F000030		facebook		support
week in review : this week the supreme court heard arguments in the hobby lobby case that could affect women ‰ űşs access to birth control through employer-sponsored health coverage . on tuesday i joined my colleagues in the pro choice caucus to stand up for the right of every woman in this country to make her own health care decisions .		national		partisan		Q000023		facebook		support
@wthrcom i took the #bluepledge and am headed out to a few indy neighborhoods for tonight's #nightoutagainstcrime		constituency		partisan		C001072		twitter		other
no county in west virginia is immune to the scourge of methamphetamine addition and trafficking . meth use and manufacturing pose a grave danger to our communities , and our local law enforcement officials have worked diligently to fight the spread of meth . i am pleased that the federal cops anti-methamphetamine program has recognized the need for more investment in our state ‰ űşs law enforcement efforts and has awarded west virginia a $ 1 million grant . these much-needed funds will help our state continue to address the production , trafficking and use of meth in our communities .		national		neutral		C001047		facebook		support
fact : states that raised the minimum wage saw higher job growth than states that did not . <http> #raisethewage		national		partisan		J000032		twitter		policy
admin reached deal w the man who bragged of advancing #nukes prgrm thru deception . i remain skeptical . #nkorea all over again .		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		policy
too many children in new mexico will go to bed hungry tonight - and we have to do better for them . earlier today , i toured the roadrunner food bank's southern branch to highlight the important work the food bank is doing to fight hunger in southern new mexico , and to talk about my opposition to cuts to the supplemental nutrition assistance program proposed in the farm bill . we can't afford cuts while working families here in new mexico are still struggling to put food on the table for their kids .		constituency		partisan		U000039		facebook		policy
proud to sign onto a letter this week to the secretary of defense , chuck hagel , urging him to immediately reinstate all suspended department of defense tuition assistance programs . our service members voluntarily defend our nation and rely on the support of these benefits for professional and personal growth .		national		partisan		M001143		facebook		policy
wishing a happy birthday to a #makeitinamerica champion and my friend from illinois , @replipinski .		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		personal
la ‰ űşs maria contreras-sweet knows what it takes to help entrepreneurs / small business . will be terrific leader @sbagov <http>		national		neutral		F000062		twitter		support
want to know how the government shut down might affect you ? the record has a good breakdown :		national		neutral		M001166		facebook		policy
it's always worth it when you stand behind the american people : <http> #cromnibus		national		partisan		L000577		twitter		policy
great press conference today calling on republican leaders to allow a vote on immigration reform . i was joined by reps . joe crowley ( d-ny ) , tony cardenas ( d-ca ) anna eshoo ( d-ca ) , mike honda ( d-ca ) , steven horsford ( d-nv ) , jan schakowsky ( d-il ) and juan vargas ( d-ca ) .		national		partisan		G000535		facebook		policy
troop capitol hill is proud of our @girlscouts from around the country ! #futureleaders grace meng rep . lois frankel congresswoman dina titus rep . ann kirkpatrick @congresswomanebjtx30		national		neutral		W000797		facebook		policy
heading to the north carolina tobacco fields today to investigate conditions for workers . <http> @aflcio @ohioaflcio		national		neutral		K000009		twitter		information
gop is zero for 38 on attempts to repeal #obamacare . rt if you want congress to stop wasting time & focus on jobs . <http>		national		partisan		T000465		twitter		support
our thoughts and prayers are with gov . moore , rep . capito and their entire family today . mrs . moore will be deeply missed .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
the november edition of washington watch , featuring congressman howard coble , is now available at the link below . this episode also includes a special segment with barnabas aid usa honorary director bishop julian dobbs discussing religious persecution around the world .		national		neutral		J000255		facebook		personal
@sarahpatte good luck in class and all you do sarah .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		support
my first visit to broadview greatly informed my understanding of the pain caused by #deportations . i ‰ űşm glad sec . johnson saw it for himself .		national		neutral		D000563		twitter		policy
it was a honor to be there , thanks for having me rt @copeland_ted : @desjarlaistn04 thanks for coming to ngat		constituency		neutral		D000616		twitter		personal
‰ űďperseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages . ‰ űť today we honor the birth of the ‰ űďfather of our country , ‰ űť george washington .		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		information
intern spotlight : diego alberto martinez diego is an el paso native whose family roots are in mexico . currently enrolled at coronado high school ( el paso , texas ) , he has aims of attending the university of texas at austin or texas tech university . he considers himself a truly bilingual and bicultural person because he lives with the best of his mexican heritage and new american culture . diego plans to pursue a future in law and politics . he is delighted by the opportunity to be interning in the congressman ‰ űşs office and is enjoying the valuable experience . * * attention : spring 2015 internship deadline extended * * we are currently accepting spring 2015 internship applications . the deadline for the applications has been extended to november 20 , 2014 . congressional internships provide valuable experience to those who would like to be more engaged in government and politics and are a great way to learn how our government system works for constituents . for more information and to apply for our spring 2015 internships in the dc and el paso offices , please visit <http>		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		personal
#marketplacefairness act would help level playing field for retailers , and help states collect taxes already owed <http>		national		neutral		C001035		twitter		support
fox news just featured a clip highlighting my call for more accountability in government from today's house oversight committee hearing on the irs scandal		national		partisan		M001181		facebook		policy
israel has lost a great warrior and the united states has lost a great friend . may ariel sharon rest in peace . <http>		national		neutral		C001098		twitter		support
today i joined house veterans affairs committee chairman jeff miller in supporting the veterans access to care act of 2014 . this bill would cut down wait times at the va and ensure veterans receive timely access to quality care . any veteran who has experienced extensive wait times - and any veteran living more than 40 miles from a va facility - would be able to seek private care at the expense of the va . this is simply one of the necessary next steps as we work toward substantial institutional reforms within this troubled agency . the bill passed in the house by a vote of 426-0 .		national		neutral		P000601		facebook		policy
cut funds appropriated for usda's wasteful and inefficient cfo and redirected to the efficient inspector general . <http>		national		partisan		G000565		twitter		policy
sanders : don't cut social security and disabled veterans ‰ űş benefits : <http> #veterans #chainedcpi		national		partisan		S000033		twitter		mobilization
spent much of the morning talking to radio across #mo8 about the new meetings dates for the onsr gen management plan . <http>		national		partisan		S001195		twitter		media
rt @raylahood : new locomotive built by americans ; @usdotfra , any better way to celebrate natl #transportation week ? <http>		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		information
congressman rigell addresses these honor flight network participants waiting at reagan national airport to fly home from washington , d . c . honor flight network is a non-profit organization created solely to honor america's veterans for all their sacrifices . we transport our heroes to washington , d . c . to visit and reflect at their memorials . top priority is given to the senior veterans ‰ űň world war ii survivors , along with those other veterans who may be terminally ill . of all of the wars in recent memory , it was world war ii that truly threatened our very existence as a nation ‰ űóand as a culturally diverse , free society . now , with over 800 world war ii veterans dying each day , our time to express our thanks to these brave men and women is running out . scott's dad , ike , is an iwo jima marine and took an honor flight recently to visit the wwii memorial with some of his fellow veterans .		national		neutral		R000589		facebook		other
rt @reptomprice : 3yrs since potus ' healthcare law was enacted ‰ űň we remain committed to patient centered solutions & #fullrepeal .		national		neutral		H001067		twitter		policy
great to wrap up my week in dc with students from first presbyterian day school in macon . i was lucky enough to hang out with them and senator chambliss to speak about how proud i am to be an american !		constituency		neutral		S001189		facebook		personal
congratulations to world kitchen in greencastle for nearing completion of their $ 20 million renovation ! i was happy to be represented at the rededication ceremony , and am pleased to see so many great employers choosing franklin county to expand and grow .		constituency		neutral		S001154		facebook		information
icymi : my statement on the iranian elections in @hfacrepublicans subcommittee hearing today <http>		national		neutral		C001095		twitter		information
i will be live with simon conway on who radio today at 4:30 pm ct . click the link below to listen in !		national		neutral		K000362		facebook		policy
praying for katherine harris and her family during this incredibly sad and difficult time .		national		neutral		R000593		facebook		personal
mike from cinci : ‰ űďi worry next year , my family and i will be facing even higher deductibles & out of pocket costs ‰ űť <http>		national		neutral		W000815		twitter		policy
hope everyone had a #happymothersday . <http>		national		neutral		C001094		twitter		personal
the president should stop playing politics and approve the keystone xl pipeline .		constituency		partisan		E000291		facebook		policy
thank you to the nelson family for stopping by the office after your tour of the united states capitol . folks from southwest michigan interested in making capitol tour reservations are encouraged to call my washington , dc office at (202) 225-3761 .		constituency		neutral		U000031		facebook		personal
proud to have my dad , an air force vet , and my son will join me today at the jonesboro vet's parade #veteransday <http>		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		support
throwback thursday : ( l-r ) me and my brothers ronnie and robert #tbt		national		neutral		P000603		facebook		support
65 days after the president ‰ űşs budget was due and over 2 weeks since the senate voted on its budget , president obama submitted his 10 - year budget plan today ‰ űň and it adds $ 170 billion in 2014 alone to our already unsustainable path . i appreciate him acknowledging that medicare and social security need to be looked at , but his suggestions are tweaks where we need to consider long-term reforms so our children and grandchildren can benefit from these programs . his ten year plan pushed the real cuts until after he ‰ űşs no longer president , literally passing the buck ‰ űň trillions of bucks ‰ űň to the next person in the white house .		national		partisan		M001153		facebook		policy
1.3 million #veterans received mental health treatment in 2012 and there were 17 million outpatient mental health visits in that same year .		national		neutral		S000033		twitter		policy
important note everyone : my local office ‰ űşs address has changed ! we ‰ űşve moved within the same office park to 11060 white rock rd . suite 180 in rancho cordova . my office is here to serve you ‰ űň if you ever have trouble with medicare or social security , veterans benefits , passports , and more , please drop by or call (916) 635 0505 or visit www.bera.house.gov/gethelp .		constituency		neutral		B001287		facebook		constituency
don't forget to mark your calendars : i'll be holding one-on-one meetings in findlay on monday from 8: 30 a . m . to 11 a . m . hope you can make it !		national		neutral		L000566		facebook		personal
<http>		constituency		neutral		S000250		facebook		information
so glad to help osram sylvania celebrate their innovative headlamp system for the new ford f150 truck today in hillsborough ! the company is helping to boost the granite state economy by expanding our state ‰ űşs manufacturing base and creating good jobs for nh workers . it was also employee appreciation day , so i got the opportunity to thank the dedicated workforce .		national		neutral		K000382		facebook		personal
yes . the system is rigged . <http>		national		neutral		S000033		twitter		support
my sympathy and my prayers go out to the families of the victims , and the quantico community .		constituency		neutral		W000804		twitter		personal
inspired effort by #navy vs #osu today - proud of the midshipmen ! #gonavy		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		personal
tune in live . u . s . education secretary arne duncan is testifying before congresswoman foxx and other members of the house committee on education and the workforce right now . a link to follow the proceedings is below :		national		neutral		F000450		facebook		policy
enjoyed meeting w / folks from ‰ űź @provcm to discuss the educational & economic benefits of museums . <http>		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		information
it seems hhs is holding a video contest ( with thousand dollar cash prizes ) for the best videos that encourage people to enroll in obamacare . your tax dollars at work . i've decided to hold a video contest of my own . the prize ? freedom . post a video on my facebook or twitter page ( @marshablackburn ) highlighting the reasons to delay , defund , repeal , and replace obamacare .		national		partisan		B001243		facebook		policy
pre-k 4 sa kicks off second year , 1,500 area 4 - year-olds enrolled <http> via @ksatnews		constituency		neutral		C001091		twitter		constituency
show your arizona pride-choose your favorite s . az picture for my facebook cover photo ! retweet to spread the word ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001279		twitter		mobilization
heading to senate floor w / @sendeanheller to try to advance bipartisan #renewui help for job seekers . watch live : <http>		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		policy
check out the new @voices4service report celebrating 20 years of #gettingthingsdone with @americorps . #americorps20 <http>		national		neutral		T000469		twitter		information
fyi : free admission on monday at national parks , in honor of national park service 98th birthday ! our district is home to the grand canyon national park and many other treasures . here's a link to a list of national parks throughout arizona : <http>		national		neutral		K000368		facebook		policy
today , i held an autism round table at peaceful living in new britain . great dialog between local groups in the ... <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		support
rt @sahilkapur : medicare trust fund now projected to exhaust assets in 2026 , two years later than last year's mark <http>		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		other
chaired @househomeland hearing to raise awareness about the underreported threat emps pose to the electric grid . <http>		national		partisan		P000605		twitter		information
i had a great visit to congresswoman loretta sanchez's district in orange county , california this week . it was great to see some of the defense industry's advanced work taking place in another community .		national		neutral		T000463		facebook		personal
congrats to #nobelpeaceprize recipients #malalayousafzai & @k_satyarthi . every boy & girl , rich or poor , deserves an #education . @malalafund		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		information
people outside alaska sometimes ask me : why do i continue the fight for a life-saving gravel road for the people of king cove ? to build awareness and momentum , to bring about a change of mind and policy to get this road built . a big part of that is through stories like this to tell alaska's story to the nation .		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		personal
house debate on whether it is #timetobuild the keystone xl pipeline has started . you can follow along by clicking this link - <http> do you think we should build the pipeline ?		national		neutral		H001055		facebook		policy
had a great time attending the ribbon cutting for servpro's new facility in gallatin on saturday . this expansion will create 90 new , full time jobs in sumner county ! #tn06 #latergram <http>		constituency		neutral		B001273		facebook		information
waiting to present the colors at the change of command ceremony .		constituency		neutral		C001062		facebook		media
tradition : giving back . thanksgiving reminds us to not only give thanks and appreciate all the things we've been blessed with , but also to give back . that's why i spent some time thanksgiving morning at the bradford thanksgiving " project care " meals on wheels preparing food for about 400 of our community's homebound senior citizens making sure they received a good home-cooked meal this thanksgiving . at a time of the year where it's so easy to get wrapped up in abundance , this has become one of my favorite holiday traditions - - reminding me what the heart of this season is really about . how do you give back this time of year ?		national		partisan		F000458		facebook		support
indexing the minimum wage to inflation would help lower-income workers keep up in the future . #opportunityforall		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		policy
beth , from tribune , doesn't understand why her disabled son's insurance is being cancelled because of obamacare . they liked what they had and it worked for them . they should be able to keep it .		national		partisan		R000307		facebook		support
here ‰ űşs another photo in my facebook cover photo contest . this photo of downtown albuquerque was taken ‰ ű_ <http>		national		neutral		L000580		twitter		personal
irony : candidates opposing minimum wage win , but so does minimum wage win . not bad day for low wage workers . <http>		national		neutral		E000288		twitter		policy
met w / air traffic controllers at livermore municipal airport . they handle about 800 flights a day and help the local economy . #ca15		constituency		neutral		S001193		facebook		information
today , i had the opportunity to ride along with the macomb county sheriff ‰ űşs marine division during a routine patrol on one of their new patrol boats acquired through fema ‰ űşs port security grant program <http> . these new boats will undoubtedly help our marine division in their mission to protect our waterways and assist those in distress .		national		neutral		M001150		facebook		support
to people of my generation there were just a few heroes for people like us . chief among them were martin luther king jr . and the kennedys . from 1947 until 2011 there was always a kennedy in congress . in 2013 that tradition has been renewed , as we welcome congressman joseph p . kennedy iii to the u . s . house of representatives . i am honored to continue to serve alongside people from a family with such a proud tradition of public service . their dedication working on behalf of the poor , the downtrodden , the working class and those without a powerful voice has never wavered across generations . their values are a testament to the best in american political history , past and present .		national		partisan		S000248		facebook		support
proud to be named a " champion of health care innovation " by the healthcare leadership council . if we are ever going to consistently provide patients with the highest quality care , at the lowest price , innovation is absolutely essential . we need to make sure that researchers can continue to create life-saving drugs and that doctors and surgeons can spend their time treating patients ‰ űň not tied up in unnecessary paperwork and weighed down with extensive burdensome taxes and fees that are then passed along to the patient . whether it ‰ űşs increased cancer detection ability , a quicker lyme disease diagnosis , or improved quality of life through a new wheelchair , i will continue to push for innovations that help those who are hurting .		national		neutral		R000593		facebook		support
did you catch that mnsure unveiled the cost of plans for minnesotans shopping for health insurance ? spoiler alert : it's good news . we have the lowest average rates in the nation so far . read more on mpr :		constituency		neutral		N000127		facebook		information
please share : why care about the highway trust fund . the trust fund is about to go bankrupt by august due to gop brinksmanship in congress . <http>		national		partisan		M000404		facebook		personal
enjoyed a tour of hillsboro public school this morning		national		neutral		C001096		facebook		support
due to a last minute change in plans by house leadership last week , congressman dan lipinski had to stay in washington for votes , resulting in the rescheduling of his town hall meeting . the event has been moved to tomorrow , august 6 , at 7:30 p . m . , at oak lawn community high school , located at 9400 southwest highway . congressional staff will be available starting at 6:30 p . m .		constituency		neutral		L000563		facebook		personal
i will be chairing a veterans ‰ űş affairs economic opportunity subcommittee hearing exploring jobs for veterans in the energy sector . watch live at 1:00 cst :		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		media
op-ed : last month , the #fda took a welcome step in announcing it would revise its proposed fresh produce rules . <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		information
this morning i offered an amendment to reform the emergency unemployment compensation ( euc ) program as part of legislation currently under consideration by the full senate that would extend unemployment benefits . my amendment would strengthen existing requirements to ensure unemployment benefits are going to individuals actively looking for work and individuals who truly want to return to the labor force . the amendment would prohibit individuals from receiving euc benefits if they fail to accept any offer of suitable work ( defined as work within their capabilities ) or if they refuse to apply for suitable work referred to them by a state employment agency . states would have flexibility to enforce this requirement consistent with their state laws . we need to ensure that only those who are actively seeking work but cannot find it are receiving these benefits . i have heard repeatedly from frustrated employers in indiana who have offered jobs but are told by the applicants that they would rather keep collecting unemployment benefits until they run out . this undermines the core idea of a program designed to help those only in emergency situations who are unable to secure employment . we are waiting to see if majority leader harry reid will allow votes on republican amendments .		national		neutral		C000542		facebook		policy
i want to wish all of our troops a happy armed forces day ! thank you for your service !		national		neutral		T000470		facebook		personal
" u . s . archivist tells oversight committee the irs ‰ űďdid not follow the law ‰ űť @buzzfeed <http> #pjnet		national		neutral		W000798		twitter		information
on monday evening , bianca timpano , a recent graduate of new london science and technology magnet high school and incoming freshman at sacred heart university won the first annual science technology engineering & mathematics ( stem ) competition for the second district of connecticut to design applications for computers and mobile devices . bianca ‰ űşs winning therapy reminder app integrates technology to a public health need by compiling data for analysis by patients and caretakers . her app , along with those of the two runners up , will be featured on the u . s . house website and on display in the u . s . capitol . the students in this competition represent the next generation of stem leaders in eastern connecticut and the key to our future regional success .		constituency		neutral		C001069		facebook		constituency
" it can ‰ űşt happen soon enough . " - @theellenshow #bringbackourgirls #joinrepwilson		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		personal
beautiful thunderstorm on my flight to dc tonight .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		personal
meet raven dahlstrom . following in her brother's footsteps , raven was another one of our dc interns this summer . there , she took folks on capitol tours and helped out in the press shop - - just wait for the big project she worked on to be unveiled next week . here she is ... ( click the image for more ! )		constituency		neutral		F000458		facebook		constituency
this week , the house will stand up to the administration's use of executive actions by working to stop government overreach .		national		neutral		J000295		facebook		support
had great meeting with gen . lynn collyer , commanding general of us army aviation and missile command ( amcom ) today . <http>		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		support
new report shows how gov't could save billions by ending handouts to agribusiness : <http> #corporatewelfare #cropinsurance		national		neutral		T000461		twitter		information
big news for louisiana sugar producers ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001255		twitter		information
72 % of americans don't want to shut down the government over repeal of health care law . <http>		national		partisan		M001169		twitter		policy
congratulations to the montford point marines on being awarded congressional gold medals #longoverdue		constituency		neutral		R000588		facebook		personal
met with sherburne mayor acee and his staff about recovery efforts and viewed flood damage in chenango county . individuals and impacted municipalities should report damages to the new york state flood helpline at : 1-888-769-7243 .		constituency		neutral		H001051		facebook		information
the nonpartisan government accountability office confirms that the administration broke the law when it released five taliban commanders in exchange for a captured u . s . soldier without properly consulting congress . why does this matter ? the leader of #isis was once an american detainee before being released . actions have consequences . <http>		national		partisan		P000605		facebook		policy
i could not in good faith vote for a bill that provides even more funding for #obamacare		national		partisan		G000552		facebook		policy
rt @robrobinson : way to go , nashville ! :) via @usatoday : best urban green spaces in north america <http>		constituency		neutral		C000754		twitter		constituency
interstate 81 is a key part of pennsylvania ‰ űşs economy and it ‰ űşs critical to find all the answers about last week ‰ űşs crash . an investigation by the ntsb could help increase awareness about risks along i - 81 and provide more details on how this accident occurred .		constituency		neutral		C001070		facebook		information
@biggerpicturemn yep		national		neutral		E000288		twitter		information
did you know my office can assist if you have a passport emergency or need information on travel restrictions ? visit my site to learn more :		national		neutral		F000454		facebook		information
had constituent meetings today in our kingston district office . very helpful to get feedback on the issues . #ny19		constituency		neutral		G000564		twitter		constituency
great evening at the inaugural indy eleven game .		national		neutral		D000607		facebook		personal
staff : @repgaramendi on house floor now talking about jobs & tax policy . you can watch here : <http> #cspan		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		media
rt @sharonday : happy women ‰ űşs equality day ! <http> my honor to post this .		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		personal
icymi : this week kffb has been airing our discussion about important issues including obamacare , the farm bill , proposed military cuts and energy . if you didn't get to hear our interview you can listen here .		national		neutral		B001236		facebook		information
it was an honor today to receive an unanimous vote by my republican colleagues on the senate armed services committee to be their next ranking member in the 113th congress : <http>		national		neutral		I000024		facebook		personal
veteran leaders from polk , lake , and orange counties joined me as i hosted chairman jeff miller of the house committee on veterans ‰ űş affairs to share an update on the va and ongoing efforts to provide quality and timely care to the men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country .		constituency		neutral		W000806		facebook		information
today i announced the winners of the 2014 congressional art competition . this was the 17th year for the competition in the first congressional district , and 12 area schools participated with 52 student entries . winners are : first place : beth stevens - daniel boone high school second place : marisa williams ‰ űň unaka high school third place : peyton christian - sullivan north high school honorable mentions : randi buck - cherokee high school diana guzman ‰ űňgreeneville high school read my press release here : <http>		national		neutral		R000582		facebook		personal
agreed ! ! ! ‰ űď @mattmackowiak : an absolute disgrace that the u . s . has abandoned this man - - <http>		national		neutral		L000576		twitter		information
tune in now : secretary sebelius is testifying before the ways and means committee . watch the hearing here : <http>		national		neutral		R000586		twitter		information
the house just passed hr 5 , the student success act . its time we give education flexibility back to states & parents : <http>		national		neutral		W000796		twitter		policy
#florida is " tale of what went right with president barack obama's health care overhaul ‰ űť despite gop opposition : <http>		constituency		partisan		W000797		twitter		policy
yesterday in 1765 , the stamp act was passed . taxes are necessary , excessive taxes restrict economic growth & liberty . <http>		national		neutral		P000605		twitter		support
happy independence day ! thank you to all who have served to protect this great nation and to defend the freedoms and liberties it was founded on . hope you all have a safe and blessed 4th of july !		national		neutral		D000618		facebook		personal
today i met with brigadier general ( sel . ) david nahom , 3rd wing commander , chief master sergeant jose barraza , 3rd wing command chief master sergeant , and technical sergeant jake stroisch , air traffic controller and 3rd wing outstanding performer of the air force . it was great to chat about alaska and the role the air force plays in our great state .		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		support
i was thrilled to meet marlow and ginny at the millbrae library today . in july , we held a rescue animal photo contest on my facebook page . we did one for dogs and one for cats . marlow won the ‰ űďtop cat ‰ űť contest hands down , he received 75 likes . here is what ginny wrote when she submitted her photo : " my name is ginny mclain , i'm the children's librarian at the millbrae library . i rescued marlowe during one of the homeless cat network adoption fairs that we hosted at the library . the moment i saw marlowe i just knew he would be the perfect " storytime kitty ! " i was right ! marlowe makes regular appearances at our library storytimes and performs a variety of stunts to the delight of the all the children . now he even receives fan mail ! and to think ! marlowe was found abandoned in a box on the side of the road ! i think he's the best ! ‰ űť		national		neutral		S001175		facebook		personal
serving arizona is my number one priority and the priority of the team that works for you . #shutdown #fairnessforall		constituency		neutral		S001183		facebook		personal
thanks to the staff and patients at jerseyville dialysis for allowing me to visit this afternoon - i appreciate having the opportunity to learn more about kidney disease and the needs of local patients		constituency		neutral		D000619		facebook		constituency
debate priorities , set priorities , & live within our means ; that ‰ űşs what american families have to do & what our govt must do .		national		neutral		B000575		twitter		personal
good-paying jobs and more opportunities are the foundations to help build better lives for all americans . #wherearethejobs mr . president ?		national		neutral		H001045		twitter		support
obamacare is a financial and health care disaster for our nation . i was proud to cast a vote today in support of senator ted cruz's ( r-texas ) amendment to defund obamacare .		national		neutral		G000359		facebook		support
did you know i have a weekly newsletter , called the monday report ? sign up here to get emails every monday , letting you know the latest on what i'm doing for the working families of minnesota's eighth district :		constituency		neutral		N000127		facebook		information
this #veteransday , we remember and honor our brave veterans who sacrificed so much for our nation . #az05 <http>		national		neutral		S000018		twitter		support
great work going on in powhatan : virginians on a mission , founded by powhatan's own debbie elam and regina reams-prigg , has been working to offer relief and support to victims of the tornadoes in moore , ok . , boxing up water , canned food , medical supplies and more . very proud of their efforts .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		support
the deadline to nominate folks as angels in adoption is july 23 , and can be submitted here : <http>		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		support
i'm hosting a #townhall meeting in rock hill next week . nov . 6 @ 6 pm-baxter hood ctr ; york tech - 452 s . anderson rd rt ! #sctweets		national		neutral		M001182		twitter		media
@infarmbureau thank you !		national		neutral		W000813		twitter		support
i introduced a resolution in the house today in recognition of #smallbusinessweek . #shoplocal <http>		national		partisan		G000565		twitter		information
talking lack of answers & faulting obama foreign policy on #syria & #benghazi with @1400wond ' s don williams now .		national		neutral		L000554		twitter		support
the irs faces class action lawsuit over theft of 60 million medical records		national		partisan		B001135		facebook		information
the #gopshutdown is hitting home for @johnboehner & it's not good . hoping he watches this & finally calls a vote ‰ űó > <http>		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		policy
today noam levey spelled it out : #acaworks - so make today the day you #gotcovered		national		neutral		S000148		facebook		support
rt @corybooker : meeting with @senlandrieu , chair of the small business committee - v impt for new jersey jobs : <http>		constituency		neutral		L000550		twitter		information
with some bible schoolers at church in belen this morning		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
proud to support bill in house to provide aid to #sandy victims , natural disaster relief should never fall victim to partisan politics		national		neutral		T000465		twitter		support
through sept . 2nd active duty military personnel and their families can visit #bluestarmuseums for free ! @neaarts <http>		national		neutral		B001242		twitter		policy
if eric holder won't appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the #irs scandal , he should be impeached ! <http>		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		policy
#karen : a mandatory evacuation is currently in place for grand isle . #louisiana		constituency		neutral		V000127		twitter		information
visited w / @laspositas students in town for a leadership conference . they're our future & we are in good hands . #ca15 <http>		national		neutral		S001193		twitter		policy
photo : @greggharper , @repfredupton , @repmartharoby , @susanwbrooks after recording the weekly #gop address <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		personal
collaboration and local support is absolutely key for the success of a project like this . ( 2/2 )		constituency		neutral		W000805		twitter		support
i'm pleased @fcc will take their time & listen to all comments on @comcast / @twc merger . every voice must be heard : <http>		national		neutral		C001097		facebook		support
tune in to meet the press on nbc this sunday at 9am mst to see me participate in a special discussion with current and former members of congress about the dysfunction in washington and what the latest sequester crisis says about our government .		national		partisan		G000562		facebook		support
@justinnovation_ @billpascrell thanks justin !		constituency		partisan		B001288		twitter		personal
i'll be on with @wegoted at 12:30 cst . listen live here : <http>		national		neutral		P000607		twitter		media
the government must be honest , transparent and held accountable to the american people . yesterday , the house passed a bill to #auditthefed . do you think the senate will act ?		national		neutral		L000566		facebook		policy
" thankfully , this shameful episode is over . there aren ‰ űşt any winners or losers today ; we simply found a way to do the bare minimum : reopen the government and pay our bills . " - john ( read john's full statement below )		national		partisan		D000620		facebook		policy
#tx28tips people in other states may be packing up their grills with the cold weather , but here in south texas we grill year round . here are a few safety tips and instructions from #fema .		constituency		neutral		C001063		facebook		information
i was excited to be with north american lighting ( nal ) in paris , illinois , today when they announced the addition of 270 of new jobs at the facility . great news in these tough economic times .		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		media
w / @chicagosmayor sun to tlk fed funding for 35th st pedestrian bridge over lake shore dr . repairs wld improve access <http>		national		neutral		D000563		twitter		information
gop jobs failure continues to hurt wisconsin middle-class working families - #wi ranked 37th in job creation last year . <http>		constituency		partisan		P000607		twitter		policy
this morning , along with other members of the congressional hispanic caucus , i was pleased to meet with don thompson , the chief executive officer of mcdonalds . mr . thompson is one of the most inspiring ceo's i've had the opportunity to meet during my time in office , which should come as no surprise , since he is a former electrical engineer , like me ! we talked about the importance of workforce diversity , increasing opportunity and how our economy will be supercharged by comprehensive immigration reform . i want to thank him for taking the time to come to washington .		national		neutral		C001097		facebook		personal
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): boston marathon bombing suspect caught : police descended friday on a shrouded boat in a watertown backyard to capture the suspected terrorist who had eluded their enormous dragnet for a tumultuous day , ending a dark week in boston that ĺ_began with the bombing of the world ‰ űşs most prestigious road race , the boston globe reported . seniors meeting : sen . bernie sanders spoke during a special " town meeting on senior issues " at the st . johnsbury house on friday , according to the caledonian-record . ‰ űďmany were concerned about the possibility of cuts to social security , news 7 at lyndon state reported . ‰ űďit could mean the difference between whether one purchases the prescription drugs one needs , heats the house adequately to keep warm , ‰ űť sanders said . background checks : despite the support of a ‰ űďsignificant majority ‰ űť of 56 senators , a proposal to improve background checks on gun purchases was blocked by a republican filibuster . ‰ űďin the united states senate the majority does not rule . you need 60 votes , ‰ űť sen . sanders said friday on wwrl-am in new york and other stations that broadcast the thom hartmann program . sanders called the defeated measure ‰ űďa very common sense approach to ‰ ű_ try to make sure that we keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn ‰ űşt have them . thank you sen . sanders : sen . sanders ‰ űďknows that veterans and seniors earned their benefits through hard work and sacrifice . so when politicians in washington proposed cutting social security and veterans ‰ űş benefits sen . sanders stood up for us , ‰ űť according to a full-page ad by aarp in the bennington banner . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		support
senator corker released the following statement today regarding reports that three of the companies offering insurance policies in the federal health care marketplace in tennessee have requested to raise rates for their exchange plans in 2015 : ‰ űďmy heart goes out to the many families and business owners across the state coping with rising health care costs , and i ‰ űşm hopeful the senate might finally be allowed to debate ways to provide relief from the damaging effects of this law , including solutions to free up the marketplace so affordable plans that meet the actual needs of tennesseans can openly and effectively compete for their business , ‰ űť said corker . ‰ űďthe president ‰ űşs health care bill was sold to tennesseans and the country as a way to bring down health care costs , yet it has done just the opposite as we continue to see double digit increases in the cost of plans . ‰ űť bluecross blueshield of tennessee ( bcbst ) ‰ űň the only health insurance provider to offer a policy in all 95 volunteer state counties in 2014 ‰ űň is requesting to raise rates by an average of 19 percent for its exchange plans in 2015 . cigna is requesting an average rate increase of 7.5 percent , and humana has requested to raise rates by an average of 14.4 percent . during the health care law ‰ űşs 2014 open enrollment period , 88 percent of tennesseans chose a bcbst health insurance plan .		constituency		partisan		C001071		facebook		mobilization
great article by the charlotte business journal about what i've been working on my first few months in congress .		national		partisan		H001067		facebook		personal
boko haram's abduction of more than 200 girls in nigeria is horrific , and we demand and pray for their safe release . #bringbackourgirls		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		policy
