texans : today is your last day to vote early in the primary runoff election - - make your voice heard and share to remind your friends !		constituency		neutral		C001098		facebook		mobilization
reminder for davis & yolo county residents : starting at 3 pm today , meet my staff , members of our community , and me at the grand opening of our new davis office . learn about how my team can help you ! the office address is 412 g st , davis , ca and the event lasts until 6 pm . more event details here : <http> davis patch uc davis the california aggie the davis enterprise newspaper		national		neutral		G000559		facebook		policy
i ‰ űşm excited to vote yes this week on giving families and individuals the same treatment under obamacare as businesses and labor unions .		national		neutral		W000812		facebook		policy
earlier today two palestinian cousins attacked worshippers praying at a synagogue in jerusalem , killing four innocent people . three of the victims held dual u . s . - israeli citizenship . the fourth was a dual british-israeli citizen . please join us in condemning these acts of terror , and in praying for the peace of jerusalem .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		personal
we can help expedite passport approval for #az09 residents . need help with your passport ? call us : 602-956-2285		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
it's #worldhepday . hepatitis c goes widely undetected in the usĺę & disproportionally affects baby boomers . get tested . <http>		national		neutral		P000034		twitter		mobilization
with chewy the biker dog at the veterans legacy foundation bike ride earlier today . ( more photos from this event will be posted later . )		national		neutral		E000291		facebook		information
great to be at lincoln electric and proud to have such a successful company headquartered in ne ohio and #oh14 .		constituency		neutral		J000295		twitter		personal
more proof #obamacare is #bad4jobs - schools & local gov'ts are dropping full-time workers . <http> #fairnessforall		national		neutral		E000291		twitter		policy
saturday i attended the demobilization ceremony for two returning natl guard units who were deployed overseas . thank you , and welcome home !		national		neutral		S001180		twitter		personal
#otd in 1969 , american astronaut neil armstrong stepped off the lunar landing module eagle and walked on the surface of the moon		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		other
#obamacare to insure 2 million fewer than previously estimated according to cbo : <http> #trainwreck #brokenpromises		national		partisan		B001135		twitter		attack
. @davidgregory i hope so . it's obviously critical to our nation right now . there are two pieces - - policy and funding . #tweetthepress		national		partisan		C001091		twitter		personal
coming in to pier a in #ny after touring the harbor with the special panel on #freight #transportation . <http>		national		neutral		H001063		twitter		support
my #esea bill works in partnership w / states to overhaul #nclb to improve schools , while boosting opportunities & access for all students .		national		neutral		H000206		twitter		policy
white house finally admits , ' it's true ' some americans won't be able to keep their health care plan under obamacare . #morebrokenpromises		national		partisan		W000812		twitter		policy
tomorrow : staff will hold local office hours in campbell & buckingham counties to assist with federal agencies : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		twitter		information
today is the united nation ‰ űşs international day of the girl and this year ‰ űşs theme is girls ‰ űş education . i have joined my colleagues in sending a letter to malala yousafzai ‰ űň the remarkably inspirational girl who was shot in the head by the taliban yet continues to be an unrelenting advocate for girls ‰ űş education . learn more about international day of the girl : <http>		national		neutral		R000486		facebook		information
at 12:30 i will participate in a call with freedomworks & bloggers nationwide to discuss how obamacare is hurting the economy . #fwroundtable		constituency		partisan		R000582		twitter		support
lots going on : come ! @houseforeign : tomorrow : subcommittee hearing : #lebanon ‰ űşs security challenges + u . s . interests : <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		information
critics question boggs bias <http> ' via @dailyreport		national		partisan		S001157		twitter		policy
meeting with my friend governor perry this morning , who is in town to address cpac		constituency		neutral		C001056		twitter		personal
‰ űď @markdotdo : @treyradel dig the new tumblr theme . <http> thanks man !		national		neutral		R000596		twitter		personal
update : las vegas man vandalizes el paso billboards - kfox - el paso top stories : <http>		national		neutral		C001056		twitter		information
harrisburg & york score merged to form susquehanna score , where volunteers with small business experience mentor others .		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		policy
watch my remarks on #hres573 , the bipartisan resolution condemning the nigerian girls ‰ űş abduction . #bringbackourgirls <http>		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		policy
did you know september is national preparedness month ? use these helpful tips from american red cross to be prepared in the event of an emergency !		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		information
" six enrolled on health site on day 1 " via @politico . #trainwreck <http>		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		information
@cmt_82 thank you , great group !		constituency		neutral		R000591		twitter		constituency
notwithstanding the provocation , we are not going to be distracted from the evolving trainwreck of obamacare . when ds are ready , we are happy to talk about real reforms that lower cost , improve access and don't interfere with the doctor-patient relationship .		national		partisan		C001056		facebook		policy
be safe today in the east valley , flooding reported in apache junction and some potential for floods near mesa <http>		constituency		neutral		S000018		twitter		information
#jordan is a great friend + ally of us in mideast . pleased 2 support resolution recognizing our important partnership 4 peace + security .		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		policy
remember these promises ? #fullrepeal		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		information
south carolina has some of the most amazing scenery in the world , and i would love to show it off as my cover photo ! please share your photos of our state by sending them to photo@scott.senate.gov read more here : <http>		national		neutral		S001184		facebook		information
reminder ‰ űň you ‰ űşre invited to my listening session tonight at wilmington college . when : tonight at 7pm where : the mccoy room in the kelly center at wilmington college ‰ űň on college street questions ? call my wilmington district office at 937-283-7049		national		neutral		S001187		facebook		mobilization
today is armed forces day . please join me in thanking all members of our u . s . military for their service to our nation and for safeguarding our freedoms .		national		neutral		R000599		facebook		personal
today at 2pm @davidcicilline will discuss human rights in nigeria during @hfacdemocrats hearing <http>		national		neutral		C001084		twitter		personal
it's a chilly one in north carolina . here's just a glimpse of what parts of the 5th district looked like this morning .		national		neutral		F000450		facebook		other
the president must never be able to make unilateral decisions about enforcing some laws , but not others . <http>		national		partisan		B001271		twitter		attack
mt " @senrandpaul follow my friend and ally @repthomasmassie ‰ űň a true voice in fight for liberty & const . gvt . rt if you agree . #tcot " thx !		constituency		partisan		M001184		twitter		mobilization
i'm in bend today kicking off a 6 day swing through 8 counties . from here it's on to prineville , john day , burns , lakeview , grants pass , medford , and klamath falls . click here to learn more : <http>		constituency		neutral		W000791		facebook		personal
breaking : sec . sebelius met with obama only once in a private meeting in the last 3.5 years . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
enjoyed meeting today w / louisiana startups that are innovating and driving our economy forward . thanks to @cea @gnoinc @google for hosting .		constituency		neutral		S001176		twitter		policy
rt @telemundonews : la congresista ileana @roslehtinen explica por quě © la #reformamigratoria podrě_a verse afectada por la crisis en #siria # ‰ ű_		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
it's good to see congress return to an orderly process . this two-year agreement should help virginia families , employers and community leaders move forward with more predictability and confidence . while i ‰ űşm pleased that , at least in the near term , we will not be lurching from crisis to crisis , we still need to have an adult conversation about our nation ‰ űşs spending and debt .		constituency		partisan		W000805		facebook		support
want to know what to expect at my 7th annual #veterans resource fair on saturday ? tune into @970wfla #amtampabay at 8: 50am tomorrow .		national		neutral		B001257		twitter		information
it was great being able to attend the grand opening of the lloyd house in menominee yesterday ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001271		twitter		constituency
our communities cannot wait . @usatoday makes it clear . it is our moral obligation to address #climatechange now . <http>		national		neutral		W000215		twitter		policy
" the [ 500 million lines of code ] says right off the bat that something is egregiously wrong , " said kennedy . " i jumped back when i read that figure . it's just so excessive . "		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		personal
it ‰ űşs hard to imagine america without this crowning achievement but when you hear the story of how it was created it becomes hard to imagine that our dome exists at all .		national		neutral		J000174		facebook		personal
video of my speech on house floor , rejecting #gopbudget that cuts jobs in #wi and turns #medicare into a voucher <http>		national		partisan		P000607		twitter		policy
the korean community is a vibrant and important component of our great city . that's why i was honored to welcome consul general hyun-myung kim and consul lee hyeokyeong from the consulate general of the republic of korea to my office today to discuss how we can work together to help korean immigrants and korean americans in los angeles .		constituency		neutral		B001270		facebook		information
today i was honored to attend shelbyville ‰ űşs 2-238 th general support aviation battalion ‰ űşs departure ceremony before they deploy to kuwait .		national		neutral		C000542		twitter		other
do you think american flags should be made here ? today i joined my colleagues to request language be added to the fiscal year 2014 department of defense appropriations act requiring the pentagon to buy american flags made in america , by american workers , using american-grown and manufactured materials . it means a lot to a lot of people , and not just military families .		national		neutral		G000551		facebook		policy
thx to @senchapinrose for leading efforts to find a sustainable solution to deal with pcbs and protect the mahomet aquifer		national		neutral		D000619		twitter		support
reagan 1987 " mr . gorbachev - tear down this wall . " he didn't but the people did 2 years later 25 years ago today , and that was a good thing .		national		partisan		L000576		twitter		support
zephaniah 3:17 the lord thy god in the midst of thee is mighty ; he will save , he will rejoice over thee with joy ; he will rest in his love , he will joy over thee with singing .		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		personal
rt @grahamblog : we now know #benghazi was the result of a pre-planned terrorist attack by high-level al-qaeda operatives . it was never a pr ‰ ű_		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		policy
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): climate change : " scientists are telling us that if we don't get our act together , that if we don ‰ űşt cut back our carbon emissions , the temperature of the planet earth with rise by 8 degrees fahrenheit by the end of this century , and 8 degrees is catastrophic , " sanders said on fox 44 and abc 22 . vermonters are finding ways to reduce energy consumption . ‰ űďwe can be a leader in showing the rest of the country what sensible energy policy is about , ‰ űť sanders said on wcax-tv . he has introduced legislation that includes a tax on carbon emissions and ends subsidies for the fossil fuel industry , the associated press reported . saturday mail : vermonters concerned about the postal service ‰ űşs plans to end saturday mail delivery are holding a rally sunday in south burlington . sen . sanders is expected to speak at the event . " the postal service , no question , is extraordinarily important for our economy . we have got to fight to maintain rural post offices and delivery service centers as well , ‰ űť he told abc 22 . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		personal
in this edition of the ‰ űďweek in review ‰ űť : more revelations of irs abuses , important vets ‰ űş legislation & much more <http>		national		neutral		B001236		twitter		policy
america ‰ űşs entrepreneurs are left with much more expensive , second-rate health insurance because of obamacare .		national		neutral		R000592		facebook		policy
please be sure to watch my youtube address to learn more about the domestic energy production protection act : <http>		national		neutral		S001154		twitter		policy
i am live this morning at 6:15 am central on cnn new day with chris cuomo with reaction on lasts nights state of the union . be sure to tune in !		national		neutral		K000362		facebook		support
happy veterans day !		national		neutral		C001094		facebook		other
read sen . bernie sanders ' progressive budget plan here : www.sanders.senate.gov/budget/		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		information
glad @whitehouse raising the min wage for federal contractors . it's time for #congress to #raisethewage for all americans . let's get it done		national		partisan		H001068		twitter		support
below is my full statement on the two blasts at the boston marathon finish line , which left at least two dead and more than 100 injured . we must identify those who committed this horrific act , as well as those who encourage them through actions or silence , and hold them fully accountable for their crimes .		national		neutral		M000934		facebook		personal
it was great to meet with board members of the mental health connection of tarrant county while they were in washington , dc . access to mental health services are vital to the health of any community . you can learn more about the great work the mental health connection is doing here : <http>		constituency		neutral		G000377		facebook		personal
tune in tomorrow at 10:30 am : secretary jeh johnson will be testifying before the house judiciary committee for the first time at an oversight hearing on the u . s . department of homeland security ‰ űşs lack of enforcement of our nation ‰ űşs current immigration laws . watch live at : judiciary.house.gov		national		partisan		F000445		facebook		information
thanks , i'm proud of srtanford . congrats though to all the michigan st . fans rt @michaelpacholek tough loss but good season for stanford .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		other
1st game uni ovr bradley 25/15 . that's women volleyball		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		personal
one of the fundamental premises of the affordable care act is that if you liked your insurance , you could keep it . president obama outlined his plan to make good on that promise yesterday . i opposed legislation in the house today that goes beyond the needed solution , could undermine the entire law , and would likely lead to higher premiums across the board next year . please read my entire statement on this vote here : <http>		national		partisan		C001083		facebook		policy
. @tigernbham house dems ‰ űş #makeitinamerica plan is focused on bringing jobs back to us , incl tax incentives to encourage invstmnt #askdems		national		partisan		H000874		twitter		policy
it was a privilege to meet with the kern county honor flight . these men and women are a true embodiment of service . <http>		national		neutral		M001165		twitter		constituency
celebrating @usmc 239th bday at so . nv marine corps ball - largest non-active duty ball in the world ! semper fi ! <http>		constituency		neutral		H001055		twitter		other
please join me in offering my prayers and condolences to the family , friends , and loved ones of army specialist adrian perkins . he was assigned to fort carson's 67th armor regiment . he passed away over the weekend of non-combat related injuries while deployed in jordan . <http>		national		neutral		L000564		facebook		personal
did you get a chance to see the hearing on #fosteryouth who become involved in #sextrafficking ? watch here : <http> .		national		neutral		B001270		twitter		information
" for many , few health-plan choices , high premiums on online exchanges " @wsj : <http>		national		neutral		T000250		twitter		information
great to participate in jobs tour of grand hyatt #satx this week and meet hardworking men & women there ! <http>		constituency		neutral		C001063		twitter		personal
video : college students tell @senatedems and obama : #dontdoublemyrate <http>		national		partisan		W000813		twitter		attack
obama late for press conference where he'll promise to fix delays ?		national		partisan		S000937		twitter		policy
buzzfeed today has a tremendous article on the state of the authorization for use of military force , the overly broad blank check that allows any president to wage war at any time . i voted against the aumf in 2001 , and am convinced to this day that it needs to be repealed . as we hear from the president today on the #nsa , i'm reminded of the vast implications of these 60 words and am working every day on repealing the #aumf .		national		neutral		L000551		facebook		support
icymi : be sure to check out the op-ed piece in today's star ledger that i co-authored with david j . brown , ... <http>		constituency		neutral		P000096		twitter		policy
@mecopower feel the same way . it was our pleasure to do it & an honor to be in a position to help !		constituency		neutral		Q000023		twitter		personal
what did the white house know about the va scandal and when did they know it ? cooking the books is not only dishonorable and disgraceful , it's a crime . if the president really was hands-on , he'd tell the fbi to go in and investigate this crime . the president is always a day late and a dollar short on these things . if president obama had it in his gut to really fix this , he would be on the phone - - the first guy , not the last guy - - telling the fbi , ' i want to find out if a crime was committed against our veterans ' and he would be offering a solution to make sure this never happened again .		national		neutral		G000359		facebook		support
don't forget to " like " the " jersey shore is open " page & share with your friends / family .		national		neutral		L000554		facebook		other
today i was honored to recognize u . s . army veteran sergeant benjamin benally with the purple heart medal for injuries sustained while serving in afghanistan . we are thankful for his brave service and sacrifices for our nation .		national		neutral		H001038		facebook		policy
thank you to all of our region ‰ űşs first responders and emergency personnel for their immediate action in securing the scene after saturday's train derailment in altoona .		constituency		neutral		S001154		facebook		policy
yesterday i presented the congressional award gold medal to wilmoth kerns iii of gastonia and lukas stewart of bessemer city . these two young men did over 400 hours of community service and 200 hours of both personal development and physical fitness activities to earn this award . keep up the great work guys !		national		neutral		M001156		facebook		personal
a few new entries came in over the holiday weekend . keep them coming ! we are accepting entries in the photo contest for one more week . email your favorite photos of the central coast to photocontest.farr@mail.house.gov by next monday .		national		neutral		F000030		facebook		other
rt @senjohnthune : applaud house passage of bill to approve #keystonexl . president has blocked the project & its 20,000 #jobs for 1,706 days .		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		policy
congratulations to montana's jarrett guyer , jackson langland , stewart harris , shelby grant and gabriella demarinis on being accepted to west point . i was proud to nominate each of them , and i know montanans will join me in thanking them for their service to our country .		constituency		neutral		T000464		facebook		support
the daily signal has a great interview with chairman darrell issa on where the oversight committee's investigation into the irs scandal stands . i'm committed to getting to the bottom of this .		national		neutral		J000289		facebook		information
great turnout for tonight's town hall in minden !		constituency		neutral		F000456		facebook		constituency
" this memorial day , americans will come together to pay tribute to the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in pursuit of peace and freedom for our country . new hampshire has a proud tradition of service , and today we pay tribute to our fallen heroes ‰ űň our mothers , fathers , brothers and sisters ‰ űň who did not return home . their heroic service will never be forgotten . " - js		national		neutral		S001181		facebook		personal
exciting opportunity to see the the united states army field band - concert band & soldiers ' chorus at bensalem high school ! read : <http>		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		personal
it's time the obama admin answer to the american people on #benghazi . four americans were murdered and no one has been held accountable .		national		partisan		M001187		twitter		attack
i enjoyed visiting the best buy distribution center in ardmore last week . <http>		national		neutral		C001053		twitter		personal
sen . @marylandrieu fights every day for louisiana & i need her fighting by my side in the u . s . senate . #imwithmary <http>		constituency		partisan		G000555		twitter		support
i encourage my friends in the 6th district to head down ky state bbq festival in danville benefitting the united way <http>		national		neutral		B001282		twitter		support
a budget is a statement of our country ‰ űşs values and priorities . as we now begin negotiations on a long-term budget , we must ensure that any bill grows our economy , creates jobs , supports manufacturing and invests in education . the house and senate budgets differ greatly , but that doesn ‰ űşt mean we can ‰ űşt sit at the same table to talk and settle our differences .		national		partisan		K000380		facebook		support
could it be " poison pill " charges vs immigration amendments one hasn't read are themselves a " poison pill " dooming immigration reform to defeat ? why not let senate and house do their job ?		national		partisan		C001056		facebook		policy
@ghostreconlee - i'm a proud cosponsor of hr 3546 , which would extend this critical lifeline for one year . #renewui <http>		national		partisan		T000468		twitter		policy
thx to the #veterans who have fought for our #freedom . we thank you for your sacrifice ! #veteransday <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
come get help w / fed agencies at mobile office hrs : th , 11am -12:30 pm , acacia library ( 750 e . townley ave , phx ) . <http>		constituency		neutral		S001191		twitter		information
equal pay day marks how many additional days into 2013 that women would have to keep working in order to earn what men did in 2012 . today is aimed at raising awareness about the fact that women get paid less than men for the same work . we must continue to build on signs of progress to advance the rights of women , benefit middle class families , and strengthen our nation .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		personal
had a great chat about energy in norway and north dakota this morning with ambassador wegger strommen !		constituency		neutral		H001069		facebook		policy
federal cuts to housing programs are putting new jerseyans out on the streets . congress must reverse the sequester . <http>		national		partisan		P000034		twitter		attack
today ‰ űşs supreme court action continues the march of progress towards #marriageequality for all : <http> #26statestogo		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		mobilization
our staff will hold office hrs in cumberland , nelson & bedford tmrw to meet w / those who need help w / federal agencies <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		twitter		information
said on @nbc6 : even though airstrikes r long overdue , i support action though #obama shouldn't circumvent #congress <http>		constituency		partisan		R000435		twitter		support
today ‰ űşs first meeting of our veterans advisory council was a success . we heard from vets all over the district and they identified some problems and issues for us to direct our focus on . having treated vets at the va for 20 years , i know the best way to help our veterans is to listen to their concerns and then create an action plan to address those concerns .		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		policy
i think it was put putin who meant to say " don ‰ űşt worry barack ‰ űňi will have more flexibility after you are reelected . " <http>		national		partisan		B001243		twitter		attack
our founders created a series of checks and balances for our democracy to prevent any branch of government from becoming too powerful .		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		personal
@beaubowden1 @gopoversight we will hold those accountable who never sent help to americans who asked for it .		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		support
potus takes credit 4 high oil production on private land , while drilling on fed lands is down . more domestic drilling will strengthen our economy #4jobs <http>		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		policy
more than 50 million seniors and people with disabilities are covered under #medicare . medicare works ‰ űň happy 49th anniversary .		national		neutral		F000455		twitter		policy
the house should not recess until we reach a deal to avert the irrational sequester #nodealnobreak		national		neutral		C001090		twitter		information
i will be on the real story with gretchen carlson on @foxnews , today at 1 p . m . ct , with the latest on va delays in care . @housevetaffairs		national		neutral		M001144		twitter		media
icymi : yesterday i voted for the " enforce the law act " to restore balance to the separation of powers . <http>		national		partisan		B001275		twitter		information
a member of my staff will be holding mobile office hours at city hall in alexander city from 1-3 cdt today . stop by if you need any assistance !		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		other
they ‰ űşll get only longer under #aca ‰ űďchicago-area hospitals top crain's list of the longest er waits . ‰ űť - @crainschicago <http>		constituency		partisan		R000580		twitter		policy
he shall from time to time give to congress information of the state of the union . what do you hope to hear in the president's speech ? #sotu		national		partisan		R000582		twitter		mobilization
in the nearly four years since senate democrats last passed a budget , government spending has driven our national debt up past $ 16 trillion ( and rising ) . that ‰ űşs more than $ 52,000 for every man , woman , and child . a new infographic looks at just some of the things an average american could do with that money . here's more : <http>		national		neutral		D000600		facebook		policy
today in 1787 , pennsylvania was the second of the thirteen states to ratify the u . s . constitution .		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		information
small businesses are being forced to reduce employee hours in order to comply with #obamacare ‰ űşs mandates <http>		national		partisan		W000815		twitter		information
cornyn on #obamaflightdelays : " phony " and " contrived : "		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		policy
pleased @barackobama is acting to #raisethewage for federal contract workers . isn't it time we do the same for 28 million other americans ?		national		partisan		C000714		twitter		policy
rt @jackietortora : rt @keithellison : it ‰ űşs time to #standup2shutdown & put furloughed workers back to work ! join tomorrow , outside the us ca ‰ ű_		national		neutral		E000288		twitter		mobilization
here we go huskies ! it's the homestretch now #bleedblue #canines @uconnwbb		constituency		neutral		E000293		twitter		constituency
good intentions don't justify violating rights secured by the constitution . that's why we have a constitution .		national		partisan		A000367		twitter		policy
" operation chokepoint " , the administration's backdoor initiative to shutdown law-abiding gun dealers , is happening right here in central wisconsin . thank you hawkins guns llc for exposing this liberal scheme . #2ndamendment		constituency		partisan		D000614		facebook		mobilization
just introduced my manufactured housing bill to the house @financialcmte for markup . #congress #tn08 #fiservices		national		neutral		F000458		twitter		policy
@eltejanovive rad islam & china greatest threat to usa & russia.we should stand together . cold war mentality no longer justified		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		support
reminder about today's veterans job fair from 10-2 at the carlisle fire co . in milford . we have more than 2 dozen companies looking to hire .		national		neutral		C001083		facebook		support
this morning i attended the ccredc ceo's breakfast at kiko's restaurant and listened to the latest on the economic situation in our region . things are looking great for our district .		national		neutral		F000460		facebook		personal
i'll be on fox america's newsroom at 8: 15am cst to give the latest update on the sec def nomination of hagel .		national		neutral		I000024		facebook		personal
please read my latest e-newsletter about why i am joining with long island superintendents and educators to reduce the number of standardized tests students must take .		constituency		neutral		I000057		facebook		policy
it was great to be in valdosta today to speak with the azalea city kiwanis club about georgia's contributions to our national defense and the state of our economy . it is past time to get our fiscal house in order . like if you agree .		national		neutral		S001189		facebook		policy
. @mspaeth our country is stronger when people are informed , engaged , and challenged . 1st step is voting ! hi voter reg deadline is july 10		constituency		neutral		G000571		twitter		information
my prayers are with the parents of #trayvonmartin , who have demonstrated extraordinary courage in this awful tragedy . "		national		neutral		C001067		twitter		support
@izzysroses that is in your eyes , but if stated as fact u've made ur whole case against prez suspect .		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		policy
will new epa rules incentivize environmental groups to use litigation to shut down firework displays ?		national		partisan		C001076		facebook		policy
was excited to hear from louisiana gop state senator elbert guillory yesterday at the house republican study committee meeting . if you haven't heard from mr . guillory before , you should take a minute to watch this video <http>		constituency		partisan		D000615		facebook		policy
live hearing ‰ űó > ‰ űďmonetary policy and the state of the economy ‰ űť fed chair janet yellen to testify <http>		national		neutral		H001059		twitter		information
our commonwealth was deeply and uniquely impacted by the tragic events of september 11th . the uss somerset is named to honor the courageous passengers and crew of united airlines flight 93 who lost their lives on september 11 , 2001 . through the actions of these brave individuals , they prevented terrorist hijackers from reaching their target destination . we have taken great pride in our role to ensure that this sacrifice is never forgotten . i ‰ űşm pleased that our state will have the honor of having this ship begin its service in the port of philadelphia .		national		neutral		C001070		facebook		personal
it warmed my heart to see so many delawareans think outside the cardboard box and show up to recycle their old electronics at the barley mill plaza in wilmington in celebration of earth day . if you want to find an event near you , visit www.carper.senate.gov/erecycling		constituency		neutral		C000174		facebook		personal
we ‰ űşre still recovering from the greatest recession since the great depression . we must #renewui . <http>		national		neutral		B000711		twitter		support
good week for sd football . first @coachsalemmsu at msu , now aberdeen native @ou_coachheupel for ou . congrats , gentlemen .		constituency		neutral		T000250		twitter		constituency
i am now on google plus . for additional updates and information , you can follow me here : <http> .		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		personal
another reason that #obamacare is so horrible . well over 100,000 additional abortions per year will be subsidized by taxpayers thanks to #obamacare . #acafundsabortion #scotus <http>		national		partisan		L000564		facebook		policy
interested in having a flag flown over the u . s . capitol ? one can be purchased through our office . learn more here : <http>		national		neutral		R000586		twitter		support
it's time to break out the scissors in the 114th congress .		national		neutral		C001051		facebook		information
@btnlivebig : for one @uofmaryland student , #bringbackourgirls is a daily <http> :/ / t.co/2evcncab8p #joinrepwilson #bringbackourgirls		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		support
#women ‰ űşshistorymonth moment of the day : sandra day o ‰ űşconnor was born in el paso , texas on march 26 , 1930 . mrs . o ‰ űşconnor grew up in arizona and later attended stanford university in 1950 , earning a bachelor ‰ űşs degree in economics . after graduating she attended the university ‰ űşs law school and received her degree in 1952 . during this time , there were few opportunities for women in the law field . mrs . o ‰ űşconnor struggled to find work but was able to work for the county attorney for california ‰ űşs san mateo county for free , but soon became the deputy county attorney . from 1965 to 1969 , she served as the state ‰ űşs assistant attorney general . in 1969 , she became state senator by filling a vacancy , and then won re-election twice . in 1979 she was selected to serve on the state ‰ űşs court of appeals . in 1981 , president ronald reagan nominated her for associate justice of the u . s . supreme court and she received unanimous approval from the u . s . senate . mrs . o ‰ űşconnor made history as the first woman justice to serve on the supreme court . she married john jay o ‰ űşconnor in 1952 and had three sons . she stepped down from the bench on january 31 , 2006 to spend more time with her husband , who suffered from alzheimer ‰ űşs . he died in 2009.that same year , president obama honored her with the presidential medal of freedom .		national		neutral		J000126		facebook		information
thanks to mr . kreider's 8th grade civics classes at harrisburg academy for the privilege of joining these students . <http>		constituency		neutral		P000605		twitter		constituency
getting our town hall meeting in moapa valley started ! #nv04 <http>		constituency		neutral		H001066		twitter		constituency
. @edpagecourant : congress should try again on gun safety <http> . i couldn't agree more .		national		partisan		M001169		twitter		policy
ben - commonsense laws concerning things as powerful as guns should not be a partisan issue . in the wake of mass shootings , and in the face of daily shootings across the u . s - it is time to say enough is enough . we can reduce the needless violence by making logical policy decisions that respect the second amendment while protecting human lives . president obama should be supported in his efforts to explore how we can make the country safer by looking at our laws , health system , culture and more . follow link for official press release .		national		partisan		C000141		facebook		policy
the #hobbylobby decision is a victory for first amendment rights . read my statement here : <http>		national		neutral		B001248		twitter		policy
. @senangusking and i penned an op-ed together explaining our student loan repayment proposal : <http> #fixthemaze		national		partisan		B001135		twitter		policy
joining " the kelly file " tonight on @foxnews to talk lois lerner . tune in at 9 pm et		national		neutral		G000566		twitter		media
this is exactly why we need real reform for the nsa to ensure protection of americans ' private information . failure to communicate to congress this type of misuse of data is unacceptable . <http>		national		partisan		L000575		facebook		policy
hope you can join me tonight in castro valley for an interactive budget workshop with the concord coalition . all are invited !		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		media
icymi : senator hatch op-ed in @sltrib ‰ űďop-ed : disabilities treaty would put u . n . in control of u . s . ‰ űť <http>		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		support
did you know 39 % of private sector workers have no paid sick days ? house democrats know american workers deserve better than this . that ‰ űşs why we ‰ űşre supporting the healthy families act , which would ensure paid sick leave for men and women . read more about our plans to jumpstart the middle class at dems.gov/jumpstart .		national		partisan		R000486		facebook		support
good morning texas ! today is national minimum wage day . support my fellow party members as we work to #raisethewage		constituency		neutral		J000126		facebook		support
visited with mrs . perez ‰ űşs 3rd grade class at manatee bay in weston today , keep up the good work !		constituency		neutral		W000797		facebook		support
come by campaign hq today ‰ űň 14 washington rd , bldg 2 , west windsor ‰ űň to sign a petition before the deadline .		national		neutral		H001032		twitter		mobilization
continuing to put my 2014 jobs plan into action , i was proud today to join in introducing a bicameral , bipartisan bill to incentivize smart investments in startups , boosting job creation .		national		neutral		M001191		facebook		mobilization
en @americateve_an dije q tenemos q seguir apoyando al estado judě_o democrěático de #israel contra varias amenazas <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		policy
we capped off the toys for tots holiday gift drive yesterday at the veteran's center on sylvan road in citrus heights . a choir of 50 5th and 6th graders from mary deterding elementary school , american legion motorcycle riders , and the vietnam veteran helicopter pilots association joined the celebration . even santa and a uh - 1 huey helicopter made an appearance at the event !		constituency		neutral		B001287		facebook		personal
great story from wzzm 13 grand rapids on havemen hardware a third generation family-owned small business in fremont being nationally recognized as one of the best hardware stores in the nation ! <http>		national		neutral		H001058		facebook		personal
yesterday , i appeared on kiii-tv 3 ' s " domingo live " to talk about my 3rd annual coastal bend veterans summit aboard the historic uss lexington . the event will be held today , march 31 from 1:00 pm - 5:30 pm on the uss lexington in corpus christi . all veterans , active and reserve service members and military families are invited to participate with free admission . interested participants can register to attend today's veterans summit by visiting www.farenthold.house.gov . <http>		constituency		neutral		F000460		facebook		information
today , is the 41st anniversary of #roevwade . it's important that we continue to protect every woman's right to make decisions about her health . #roe41		national		neutral		S000510		facebook		mobilization
good news ! i spoke with usdot secretary ray lahood this morning & he told me they are releasing approx . $ 15 million in federal funds for skagit bridge repairs .		national		neutral		D000617		facebook		policy
there are less than 50 days until the health care marketplaces exchanges open for enrollment . the changes already in place have proven to be a huge success . health premiums are rising at the slowest rate in decades , insurers can no longer deny coverage to the millions of children with preexisting conditions and 10,400 seniors in our congressional district have already saved $ 14 million on prescription drugs as a result of the health law . like and share to get the facts on how obamacare is helping across the country <http>		national		partisan		L000263		facebook		policy
grassley unveils legislation to lessen burden on second and eleventh circuit courts		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		policy
we cannot allow the us to default & shouldn't play games with our country ‰ űşs economy and credit rating . <http> #hoyerheadlines		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		policy
va chief shinseki has a lot to explain : our view <http> via @usatoday		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		policy
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): va reform : house and senate conferees will work this week on legislation to reduce veterans ' wait times for health care . the chairmen of the two veterans affairs ' committees , republican rep . jeff miller and independent sen . bernie sanders , met thursday and conference committee staff were scheduled to meet friday , but the conferees themselves are not due to meet for the first time until tuesday , national journal reported . income inequality : sen . sanders on friday held a news conference with vermont religious leaders to discuss the moral implications of extreme wealth and income inequality . bishop thomas ely , rabbi joshua chasan , the rev . dr . lynn bujnak , and monsignor roland rivard were present , as well as several other episcopal clergy and faith leaders , the episcopal news service reported . kerry in baghdad : confronting the threat of civil war in iraq , u . s . secretary of state john kerry flew to baghdad on monday to personally urge the shiite-led government to give more power to political opponents before a sunni insurgency seizes more control across the country . cbs news reported that in a nearly two-hour long meeting , kerry urged iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki and other iraqi leaders to form an inclusive coalition government with grassroots support . the democrats ‰ űş koch brothers : the democracy alliance intends to spend $ 374 million during the midterm election cycle ‰ űó including nearly $ 200 million this year ‰ űó to boost liberal candidates and causes in 2014 and beyond , according to politico . while growing sums of that cash are being spent vilifying the billionaire conservative industrialists charles and david koch over their own network ‰ űşs political spending , the documents reveal the extent to which the democracy alliance network mirrors the kochs ‰ űş ‰ űň and is obsessed with it . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		policy
i will be talking to news talk 1620 wtaw's scott delucia in a few minutes to give my weekly washington update . tune in or listen online at : <http>		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		media
#il has 67 craft breweries w / 2,847 workers . i support s . 917 to help these small businesses grow . @illinoisbeer <http>		constituency		neutral		K000360		twitter		policy
human trafficking is a major problem that must end . this week , the house voted on several bills to #endtrafficking .		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		policy
today we announced our first office hours in taunton ! we'll be at the taunton public library ( 12 pleasant st . ) this saturday , march 9 from 10am to noon . stop by to say hello and discuss any concerns .		national		neutral		K000379		facebook		support
happy birthday to @flotus michelle obama ! you ‰ űşve been a fantastic first lady and wonderful leader on veterans issues . #andmanymore		national		neutral		S001150		twitter		personal
everyone should be informed and have access to the quality care that prevents disease and protects their health . thank you to the wilmington urban league for once again hosting this important forum on health and wellness , and for allowing me to participate . #netde		national		neutral		C001083		facebook		personal
icymi : check out our latest e-newsletter . sign up for the newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest happenings in washington and throughout the ninth district . <http>		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		support
while washington liberals are still arguing that the irs did not target conservative groups over liberal groups , the numbers say otherwise . share this to spread the news ! details : <http>		national		partisan		F000458		facebook		information
once again , extreme right-wing groups and senator ( speaker ? ) ted cruz get their way and prevent a vote addressing the crisis of unaccompanied minors crossing the southern border . while they use " vote-scoring " to sway republicans their backwards way , the middle class is losing out . #middleclasskeepingscore		national		partisan		S001193		facebook		personal
$ 21m #headstart grant to @caoeriecounty will foster lifelong appreciation for learning , improve opportunity for youth <http>		national		partisan		H001038		twitter		support
i recently wrote speaker boehner to request a joint session of congress for indian prime minister narendra modi during his visit to america in september . prime minister modi is head of the conservative political party in india and now leads the world's most populous democracy , a country that is a critical ally to the united states . i met with indian ambassador dr . s . jaishankar to discuss my proposal : <http>		national		neutral		R000487		facebook		support
@ladybigmac @speakerboehner @virginiafoxx @reptomreed @keithrothfus @repkevincramer yep obama uses fed agencies against political opponents		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
@kacoppola good to see you .		national		neutral		P000590		twitter		other
my colleagues on the transportation and infrastructure committee and i are keeping up our scrutiny of new federal regulations on truckers that make our roads less safe and increase costs for small businesses . upstate new yorkers deserve to know that washington bureaucrats don't make up rules that do more harm than good in the real world . <http>		national		partisan		H001051		facebook		policy
i had a great time visiting napa valley language academy earlier this week ! <http>		constituency		neutral		T000460		twitter		personal
want to stay informed about happenings in missouri and washington ? sign-up for my weekly e-newsletter today by visiting my website .		constituency		neutral		S001195		facebook		mobilization
<http>		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		other
david brooks on obamacare : " nearly everybody not in the employ of the administration agrees this law does not solve the cost problem , and many of the recent regulatory decisions will send costs higher . "		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		policy
in case you missed it , my bill to reauthorize the preemie act will become law . the bill renews programs to reduce infant deaths and disabilities by expanding research , education , and intervention activities related to preterm birth .		national		neutral		E000215		facebook		information
2nd that rt @completezen : @simoneahall you go girl ! !		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
the pregnancy discrimination act , which amended the civil rights act of 1964 to prohibit all employment discrimination on the basis of pregnancy , took effect 36 years ago today . while we have come a long way in eliminating workplace discrimination , all too many members of our communities still face this inequity daily . we must fight discrimination and work for #equalpay for #equalwork .		national		partisan		L000579		facebook		policy
my wife , erika , and i at the hospital after the birth of one of our kids . #throwbackthursday #tbt <http>		national		neutral		C001051		twitter		personal
the @houseagnews will mark up the #2013farmbill tomorrow . #rice is a critical part of our ag-economy in #ar01 <http>		constituency		neutral		C001087		twitter		information
fyi--the senate just passed their immigration bill by a vote of 68-32 .		national		neutral		N000182		facebook		policy
spoke to the #victorville rotary club this week . <http> <http>		constituency		neutral		C001094		twitter		personal
sessions will be live , in-studio with dan morris at 2:40 pm ct . you can listen live here :		national		neutral		S001141		facebook		media
in recognition of suicide prevention month here in september , the department of veterans affairs and the department of defense have announced " the power of 1 ‰ űť campaign to expand awareness of mental health and suicide prevention programs available to veterans and servicemembers . tragically , on average , 22 vets commit suicide every day - a situation we must continue to do everything in our power to address . i was proud to support major veterans health care and veterans appropriations legislation passed earlier this year to help us all better understand and address the challenges faced by our heroes . please take a moment to learn more about " the power of 1 " and remember to thank and honor the veterans in your life for their service to our great nation .		national		neutral		N000127		facebook		policy
in lake charles to discuss how we equip workers with the skills they need for the high-skill jobs of this century <http>		constituency		neutral		L000550		twitter		information
2:15 pm et / 11:15 am pt on ed schultz radio show to talk california #drought & #infrastructure . listen at <http> #cawater		constituency		neutral		G000559		twitter		media
just finished making mac n cheese for turkey day . i make this every other year ( it takes awhile ) . happy to share ! <http>		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		personal
thanks to the @nfaausa easton complex in yankton for the tour today , enjoyed seeing the facility . <http>		constituency		neutral		T000250		twitter		constituency
the wilderness act was passed to protect and preserve irreplaceable natural wonders for americans today and for future generations . the proposed rule described in this oregonian article is vague and could have a major effect on the way the media captures , documents and promotes our public lands . what does the forest service plan to do next ‰ űómonitor instagram accounts and fine users that post pictures of our wilderness areas ? members of the press should be allowed to access and photograph these public lands , without a dictate on how they use the footage from bureaucrats in washington , dc .		national		neutral		D000191		facebook		personal
share this post if you believe in equal pay for equal work . with women in new jersey still earning just 78 cents on every dollar as their male counterpart for the same work , it is time congress passed the paycheck fairness act that i co-sponsored . learn more about the importance of addressing pay disparities here . <http>		national		partisan		P000604		facebook		policy
i'm deeply saddened to hear of nelson mandela's passing . his inspiring personal fight to overcome oppression and his lifetime of crusading for justice transformed a nation and changed the world for the better . he taught that freedom and peace are best achieved through education and respect for everyone in society . we will best celebrate mandela's life by honoring those lessons long into the future .		national		neutral		U000039		facebook		personal
source : <http>		national		partisan		F000445		facebook		policy
approving #keystonexl will create 20,000 jobs and lower energy prices at home . it ‰ űşs time to build <http>		national		neutral		H001067		facebook		policy
on june 19th , 1865 , slaves in galveston , texas finally got word of the emancipation proclamation . today is #juneteenth , a day to commemorate and celebrate the end of slavery in america .		national		neutral		N000182		facebook		media
up american fork canyon today with our daughter , i photographed this beautiful bald eagle . great symbol .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		support
it was an honor to be a part of the ribbon cutting ceremony celebrating fairchild afb ‰ űşs brand-new headquarters ! <http>		national		neutral		M001159		twitter		personal
after a #laborday picnic in #eriecounty now penny & i now visiting the #waterford fair		constituency		neutral		T000467		twitter		personal
studying climate & socioeconomic patterns caused trade to move from inland cities to coastal cities in central america #chicagoclimate		constituency		neutral		Q000023		twitter		constituency
30 years on , #hezbollah and its backers in #iran still aim to attack our national security interests .		national		neutral		C001070		twitter		personal
interested in applying for a service academy nomination ? the deadline to be considered for a congressional nomination has been extended to november 22 . apply here : <http> .		national		neutral		F000450		facebook		other
always enjoy mtg w / #leaders of #lvbiz community @lvchamber #eggsandissues #transportation #uav #i11 #biz #jobs <http>		constituency		neutral		T000468		twitter		personal
here are just some of the reasons i voted to repeal obamacare today . we simply can ‰ űşt afford fewer jobs , higher costs and giving the irs more power .		national		neutral		C000059		facebook		policy
the #irs claims it has " lost " emails from former commissioner lois lerner and six more employees . <http>		national		partisan		J000292		twitter		information
are you a high school student and want your artwork displayed in the u . s . capitol ? congressional art competition deadline for is mid-march		national		neutral		R000593		facebook		personal
breaking : the house just passed the path to prosperity budget , paving the way for real economic reforms . <http>		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		support
rt @ufwf : . @ufwupdates house hearing on ag - thank you rep @luisgutierrez & @repzoelofgren for support for #farmworkers <http>		national		neutral		L000397		twitter		support
todays filibuster of #ui is a blow to the economy & those looking to stay afloat while job hunting . will continue efforts to #renewui		national		partisan		C000141		twitter		attack
i voted to reopen the govt . , put people back to work , & protect our country from an unprecedented financial crisis <http>		national		neutral		T000468		twitter		support
one of my favorite days of the year : indians opening day . let's go tribe !		constituency		neutral		J000295		facebook		information
there ‰ űşs no question that our largest source of renewable electricity - hydropower - is , and must continue to be , part of our ‰ űďall-of-the-above ‰ űť energy solution . hydro already supplies about a quarter of alaska ‰ űşs electricity needs and our state has identified more than 200 promising sites for new hydropower development . there ‰ űşs great potential for more hydropower in alaska and across the entire country , which is why i ‰ űşm working a bipartisan plan to help make it happen :		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		support
what an incredible morning standing with icons of the feminist movement ! watch video from the #eranow rally @ #scotus <http>		national		neutral		S001175		twitter		support
honored to be the keynote speaker at the lake county lincoln day dinner tonight at 7 pm et at st . elijah's in merrillville . always nice to go " home " and see old friends . look for pictures from the event tomorrow .		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		constituency
gop attempts to take away fehbp for federal employees is nothing but a cynical , political stunt <http>		national		partisan		C001078		twitter		attack
medicare is an important lifeline for seniors & must be protected from hostile attacks to privatize it or weaken it <http>		national		partisan		M001176		twitter		policy
#wrrda is a strong , bipartisan #jobs bill that was long overdue <http>		national		neutral		D000619		twitter		policy
on march 26 , i'm hosting a small business outreach seminar in dallas , ga . if your small businesses needs help utilizing federal resources or you need to learn about competing for federal contracts , this seminar will be very helpful . this is free and open to the public - details here : <http>		constituency		neutral		G000560		facebook		information
my beloved dad , enrique ros , died 1 year ago today but he , along with my mom , continue to be the light of our lives . <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
i stand with israel as it mourns the loss of innocent civilians attacked at their place of worship : <http>		national		neutral		B001277		twitter		personal
join rosa by celebrating women's equality day with a twitter storm ! use #wematter and share the issues that affect the women and families in your life .		national		neutral		D000216		facebook		policy
icymi : the record-courier caught up with me at the randolph senior center yesterday - read the story here : <http>		national		neutral		R000586		twitter		support
i am honored to receive a golden triangle award from the national farmers union ! i'm glad that new england farmers union president roger noonan , a tireless advocate for nh farmers , was here to present the award . as the first representative from new hampshire to sit on the house agriculture committee in 70 years , i will continue to be a strong advocate for family farmers throughout the granite state .		national		neutral		K000382		facebook		personal
the house will vote on the senate ‰ űşs version of the violence against women act . i support that version and am looking forward to its passage .		national		partisan		R000585		twitter		policy
enjoyed speaking abt leadership & service w / 3rd , 4th & 5th graders at humanities & fine arts charter school <http>		national		neutral		W000806		twitter		support
this week , we met with sally welsh ( left ) and joy buck ( right ) of the hospice and palliative nurses association ( hpna ) .		national		neutral		R000585		facebook		personal
on monday , we honored the millions of veterans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation . our soldiers are given the best training and resources for the battlefield ‰ űň they deserve the best treatment and care when they return home . recent revelations of veteran mistreatment and facility mismanagement are appalling and heads needed to roll . secretary shinseki has led an honorable and distinguished career in service to our country , but it is time for new leadership to tackle the longstanding problems facing the va . to fix our broken va system and provide personalized veteran care , there needs to be accountability at the va .		national		neutral		U000031		facebook		policy
dan reed emailed : the sequester only cuts 2.2 % of the budget . what's the big deal ? #askmddems		national		neutral		C000984		facebook		support
please join me this saturday , august 31 , for a forum on the affordable care act and what it means for you and your family .		national		neutral		W000808		facebook		policy
just at #socialsecurity press conf to intro bill to expand benefits , lift cap . time to strengthen program is now <http>		national		neutral		H001034		twitter		support
photo : proud to sign @repjoeheck ‰ űşs three kids mine bill to help create #jobs in #nv <http>		constituency		partisan		B000589		twitter		support
as a part of world alzheimer ‰ űşs month , i participated in a walk to end alzheimer ‰ űşs in fall river yesterday . thanks to everyone who walked to show their support for the alzheimer's association and to find a cure for this heartbreaking disease .		national		neutral		K000379		facebook		policy
my statement on a potential russian effort to wrest control of syria's chemical weapons : <http>		national		partisan		S001181		twitter		policy
today i introduced a great bill to combat waste and allow communities with unused community development block grant funds to return the surplus to pay down the national debt . this is a fiscally responsible proposal that would encourage local governments to end the use-it-or-lose-it approach to federal grant money and ultimately work to reduce our out-of-control debt .		national		partisan		S000018		facebook		policy
watimes : labor unions less enthusiastic about democrats		national		partisan		M001144		facebook		policy
this is deanna jones and her son , jeffry , with me after yesterday's ceremony in lebanon . deanna began the process of adopting jeffry from haiti in 2006 , and i had the privilege of signing the papers as the adoption was processed during my service as indiana's secretary of state . it was great to visit with both deanna and jeffry !		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		personal
first quarter of obamacare implementation ‰ ű_ economy contracts -2.9 % gdp <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
great start to my day . got a visit from mr . chandler's hart elementary school class . they visited the district office and even got to chat with my dc staff via video chat . they had a great time and i enjoyed answering their questions about my work representing el paso .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		personal
i'm about to speak on the house floor in support of my bill with congressman gosar to help coconino county property owners who have suffered economic hardship and uncertainty because of a decades-old land-survey error . watch :		national		partisan		K000368		facebook		policy
it's time for congress to embrace 21st century technologies . today's @sfgate @johndiazchron editorial agrees : <http>		national		neutral		S001193		twitter		policy
@bigjohnandamy thanks for having me on your show this morning !		national		neutral		H001059		twitter		media
to ease travel delays , i've intro'd bill that wld reinstate air-traffic controllers by ending tax break for corp jets <http>		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		policy
massive turnout is expected throughout the pelican state ! be a voter for @billcassidy today . #votecassidy <http>		constituency		partisan		C001075		twitter		mobilization
40 years ago today hank aaron beat babe ruth ‰ űşs homerun record . #715 made him a legend , his courage in the face of racism made him a hero		national		neutral		P000034		facebook		personal
quite lucky . tonite there is actually history on the channel w that name . finally ! ! !		national		neutral		G000386		twitter		support
eliminating fed #redtape through #medicaid reform allows states to save and innovate . - <http>		national		partisan		R000592		twitter		policy
we ‰ űşre thinking of those affected by the tornado in oklahoma . do you want to help those in need ? here is information :		national		neutral		B001230		facebook		personal
proud to be in niagara falls for the 2014 #standagainstracism ( @ywcausa ) <http>		national		partisan		H001038		twitter		policy
super typhoon haiyan is being reported as perhaps the strongest storm to make landfall ever recorded on earth . our thoughts and prayers are with the people in the philippines who are facing widespread devastation and deaths from this storm .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		support
today the house passed the honoring the families of fallen soldiers act . as a soldier in the old guard at arlington national cemetery , i had the solemn honor of conducting the dignified transfer of remains of our fallen soldiers at dover air force base . the loved ones of fallen heroes are provided the opportunity to greet their remains at dover ‰ űóa tradition that should remain no matter the status of government ‰ űşs operations .		national		partisan		C001095		facebook		policy
demandarěá obama un recuento en #venezuela ? creo q deberě_a . lee mi carta y tweet @whitehouse para decirle lo q piensas <http>		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		attack
sorry , @inspectorlawyer , death threats don't scare me . get plenty of those . the keystroke is mightier than the sword .		national		partisan		S001193		twitter		personal
yesterday , i presented a high-achievement award to laredo olive garden manager , jonathan alamilla . jonathan is a native of laredo who has worked in the restaurant business since he was 16 . he started off as a cook at olive garden when it first opened and worked his way up through many roles in the restaurant . in his two years as general manager , he has led his restaurant to win the diamond award every year . i want to congratulate jonathan for the determination , hard work , and resilience that have clearly made him such a success . we need more leaders like him who can inspire their employees and lead their team to success .		constituency		neutral		C001063		facebook		personal
icymi : tues . on #kauai , rep . tulsi gabbard discussed local / nat'l issues @ a #tulsiinyourtown event : <http> @thegardenisland		national		neutral		G000571		twitter		support
bring up enda for a vote in the house ! #passenda		national		partisan		D000598		facebook		support
. @psychgallica #sequester could lead to furloughs at ri arsenal & other job losses , that's why i have always opposed it #askdems		national		partisan		B001286		twitter		attack
as families across ohio and around america join together to celebrate this special holiday and the promise it holds for a better and more peaceful world , i want to wish everyone a happy easter .		national		neutral		P000449		facebook		personal
rt @columbiatribune : overnight shelter set up at #como church for those still without power . <http>		constituency		neutral		H001053		twitter		constituency
over the weekend , the house unanimously voted to approve backpay for furloughed workers : <http>		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		information
a member of my staff will be holding mobile office hours at city hall in smiths station from 10 a . m . - 12 p . m . est today . stop by if our office can be of service to you .		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		support
no #gop has mentioned #earthday in congress since 2010 . what is the republican environmental agenda ? <http> #p2 #green		national		partisan		G000551		twitter		attack
today is equal pay day . if you , or a loved one , has been affected by this issue share your story with us . <http>		national		partisan		F000462		facebook		policy
happy new year ! may 2014 be an incredible year for you .		national		neutral		C001091		facebook		policy
appreciate those who joined me for the town hall at rocky and carlo's this morning . #la01 <http>		constituency		partisan		S001176		twitter		support
@pandorumizator obama & his policies not only threat 2 well being of am people , but is worst . many other challenges , like crony capitalism .		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		attack
today is equal pay day . equal pay day symbolizes when , more than three months into the year , women ‰ űşs wages finally catch up to what men were paid in the previous year . 51 years ago today congress passed the equal pay act ‰ űň but women on average still earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men . i am a cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act and urge my colleagues to work together to pass this crucial legislation .		national		neutral		D000622		facebook		policy
once again , house republicans are trying to cut food and nutrition programs that serve working families . like this post if you agree that congress should do a better job fighting for the middle class .		national		partisan		C001084		facebook		attack
today ‰ űşs strong jobs report for october makes it clear that our economy is steadily adding jobs and that there is potential for further growth if congress can take action in a bipartisan way . with 209,000 private sector jobs created and the unemployment rate falling to 5.8 % , the ingredients for strong growth and a more competitive economy are there . congress needs to act and tap into this potential by investing in education , innovation , and infrastructure and by encouraging businesses to locate and expand here in america , including passing legislation from house democrats ‰ űş make it in america jobs plan . <http>		national		partisan		H000874		facebook		information
excited for @barackobama ‰ ű ÷ s #mybrotherskeeper initiative - important effort to expand opportunity for young men of color throughout nation		national		partisan		S000248		twitter		support
congressman henry cuellar , ( d-tx 28 ) was invited by rep . bill flores ( tx - 17 ) to address the members of the bryan-college station chamber of commerce on capitol hill in washington dc . representative cuellar discussed a host of issues related to mexico , fiscal responsibility , economic development , and increasing the quality of our workforce .		national		neutral		C001063		facebook		policy
with rotc students at douglas byrd high school in fayetteville , april 2013 .		national		neutral		E000291		facebook		other
icymi : i talked to @mydesert about how congress will have to work together to pass a strong #cir bill in the house <http>		national		neutral		R000599		twitter		policy
i joined students from southeastern #il college for coffee . let me know if you'll be visiting : <http> <http>		national		neutral		K000360		twitter		personal
watch to hear my thoughts on the president's state of the union . #sotu		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
thomas kane , deputy assistant chief counsel for the irs , wrote in the declaration , part of a lawsuit filed by judicial watch against the irs , that the blackberry was " removed or wiped clean of any sensitive or proprietary information and removed as scrap for disposal in june 2012 . " that date - june 2012 - is significant because by that time , ex-irs official lerner had already been summoned before congressional staffers who interviewed her about reports of the irs ' targeting of conservative groups .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		information
had a productive meeting in bismarck yesterday to discuss the impacts the new irs repair expensing rules would have on north dakotans . thanks to everyone who joined yesterday's discussion .		constituency		neutral		H001061		facebook		constituency
very smooth ! rt @washdems : chair @jaxonravens #mailedit ! make sure to mail your ballot by november 4th ! #waelex <http>		national		neutral		W000797		twitter		information
icymi : smith to seek subpoena for information on white house role in security of <http> <http>		national		neutral		S000583		twitter		information
watch me live on cnbc with rick santelli at 10:40 et . we'll talk about gse reform , housing , and the path act :		national		partisan		N000182		facebook		policy
for those covering pres obama ‰ űşs mo speech today , here are my floor remarks on his latest #jobs #pivot <http>		national		partisan		B000575		twitter		attack
" if all the taxes the federal government collects were represented as $ 1.00 , the death tax would be one half-penny of that dollar . if the death tax was repealed tomorrow , the federal government would hardly notice the difference . " - this is true , but it would make a huge difference to the family-owned farms and businesses who suffer under this terrible tax .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		policy
i commend the national transportation safety board ‰ űşs initial safety recommendations following the tragic metro-north accident in december . we can ‰ űşt miss a single opportunity to keep commuters safe by investing in commonsense safety measures that will save lives .		national		neutral		M001185		facebook		policy
gayle and i are deeply saddened to hear that our dear friend frank lautenberg has passed away and we join all west virginians in keeping his wife , bonnie , and his entire family in our hearts and prayers as they go through this difficult time . <http>		national		neutral		M001183		facebook		support
great meeting today with republic of korea's ambassador to the united states ahn ho-young to discuss ways to ... <http>		national		neutral		P000096		twitter		personal
<http>		constituency		partisan		C001067		facebook		information
claire : this is a bipartisan effort aimed at getting at the nature of the problem of campus sexual assault . #1is2many <http>		national		partisan		M001170		twitter		mobilization
sitting down with the late show with david letterman this evening - tune in !		national		neutral		M000303		facebook		personal
met w mike hammer frm @statedept public affairs @actualidadradio in #miami + dicussed #obama's recent trip 2 #latam <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		policy
#georgehwbush leadership and commitment to public service <http>		national		neutral		C001062		twitter		support
this week , the house will consider hr 2575 , the save american workers act . this bill will protect hardworking americans from the harmful impacts of the president ‰ űşs health care law in the job market and at the doctor ‰ űşs office .		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		other
pleased to introduce the house dem budget today . most important deficit we face is the jobs deficit . read our plan : <http>		national		partisan		V000128		twitter		policy
speaker boehner and house republicans have been blocking bi-partisan immigration reform for a year now . republicans and democrats are frustrated with republican obstruction while families suffer .		national		partisan		B001270		facebook		policy
today ‰ űşs schedule : the house is allowing a vote on the bipartisan , senate-passed violence against women act but house republicans won ‰ űşt also bring forward a solution to avert the sequester : <http>		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		support
march 3rd is the deadline to apply for federal student aid . visit <http> and get started today . #fafsa #education		national		neutral		M001166		twitter		information
met with egyptian ambassador to the u . s . mohamed tawfik to discuss weakening hamas and de-escalating the dangerous situation in gaza and israel .		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		information
meeting with r . byron pipes , director of defense programs , to discuss the missile defense agency and university affiliated research center initiatives at purdue .		national		neutral		W000813		facebook		personal
touring the damage after recent tornado in #watfordcity & discussing coordinated response of disaster preparedness <http>		constituency		neutral		H001069		twitter		information
press advisory : @marcorubio @roslehtinen @mariodb to hold press conf re : #obama admin unilateral action on #cuba <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		information
icymi : tammy and colleague brian schatz sent a letter to potus calling for him to submit an authorization for the use of military force on isil for congressional consideration . this action will allow congress to properly evaluate the president ‰ űşs strategy for america ‰ űşs military operations against isil , as well as foster american public debate about this critical issue .		national		neutral		B001230		facebook		support
proud to join with my colleagues today in introducing this bipartisan legislation that would make fema resources available for hazard mitigation in our forests to help take a more proactive approach to restoring forests to a healthy natural state , reduce the risks of catastrophic wildfire , and do so without increasing taxpayer spending .		national		neutral		T000470		facebook		policy
now following @redmillennial hoping to involve and hear from more #youngconservatives stay in touch ! and stay involved ! #fl19		national		partisan		R000596		twitter		mobilization
today's announcement that pres obama will be shutting down his jobs council is unacceptable . please rt if you agree . <http>		national		partisan		W000812		twitter		policy
asking homeland security secretary about efforts to stop drug-trafficking - very concerned about heroin epidemic that we're seeing in nh		constituency		neutral		A000368		twitter		constituency
the fcc " want diversity ‰ űóbut not of the political kind . " - @thejuanwilliams <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
i want to recognize that april is alcohol awareness month , a time in which we strive to remove the stigma and focus on reducing alcoholism and alcohol-related issues .		national		neutral		R000577		facebook		personal
check out my first e-newsletter of the 113th congress !		national		neutral		M001160		facebook		support
via @bctimes , #shalegas agreement btwn @consol_energy & @pitairport will lead to ec dev , $ 500m in new revenue . read : <http>		national		neutral		M001151		twitter		information
in his office in the @uscapitol , senator mcconnell congratulated & welcomed senator-elect bill cassidy to the senate <http>		national		partisan		M000355		twitter		personal
mt @housecommerce : #subenergypower unveils draft legislation to protect consumers from higher #energy costs <http>		national		partisan		L000566		twitter		policy
as part of my office ‰ űşs veterans history project , my staff sat down and interviewed us navy petty officer barton dale messler of irving . mr . messler is one of an estimated 3,000 pearl harbor survivors that are still alive to share their stories from that infamous day . during his interview , mr . messler recounted his experience as a gunners mate on the uss pennsylvania on december 7 , 1941 , as well as many other stories from throughout his impressive military career . click the link below to watch :		national		neutral		M001158		facebook		information
‰ űď'obamacare " is useful shorthand for the affordable care act not least because the law increasingly means whatever president obama says it does on any given day . his latest lawless rewrite arrived on monday as the white house decided to delay the law's employer mandate for another year and in some cases maybe forever . ‰ űť read more from the wall street journal's editorial here : <http>		national		neutral		R000586		facebook		policy
my statement on u . s . airstrikes in iraq . <http>		national		neutral		C001045		facebook		personal
when women succeed , america succeeds . nominate a superwoman in your life . i'll give her a shout out in the congressional record where i will recognize women ‰ űşs history month - - to celebrate the enormous progress that has been made for american women throughout our history and the women giants of our past who struggled , suffered and prevailed on behalf of the advancement of women .		national		neutral		R000053		facebook		personal
before your days are filled with thanksgiving fun , what are you thankful for ? i am thankful for my family and to live in america - the land of the free and home of the brave . and while i am at it , i want give a hearty thank you to all of those who have served and are currently serving to protect this great country .		constituency		neutral		W000814		facebook		personal
@runthistownjb ... that lowers rates for all students . <http>		national		partisan		M001183		twitter		policy
why can ‰ űşt the white house simply follow the law ? <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
here are some more pics from the joint town hall meeting today . it was such a pleasure to meet with clarke county commissioner tyrone moye , jackson mayor richard long , u . s . representative bradley byrne , and a group of young alabamians !		constituency		neutral		S001185		facebook		information
@barackobama " these cuts are not smart , they are not fair ... people will lose their jobs . " #stopthesequester		national		partisan		C001090		twitter		policy
my thoughts on today's defeat of the farm bill .		national		neutral		C001078		facebook		policy
good hearing before house appropriators on fy 2015 nsf budget request | spaceref - your space reference <http> via @spaceref		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		support
continuing to pray for all of those affected by the terrible tragedy in oklahoma . it's during trying times like these that we depend upon the love and support of our communities .		constituency		neutral		W000795		facebook		personal
thanks for invite . very excited for @startitupde rt @coinloftde : @techforumde :: thanks for your support and a fantastic event last night !		constituency		neutral		C001083		twitter		personal
work in progress @27sow_cannonafb in #clovis . proud to secure funding through @senateapprops for new housing on base <http>		national		neutral		U000039		twitter		information
another obamacare failure to launch : <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		support
the costs of climate change : this year our area was hit by its second " storm of the century " in the last three years . more frequent and more damaging extreme weather has huge costs to taxpayers . what is not addressing climate change costing you ? learn more from the sustainable energy and environment coalition at <http> .		national		partisan		Q000023		facebook		policy
thank you , representative john dingell ( mi - 12 ) , for your many years of dedicated service to our nation and the state of michigan . throughout his almost 60 years in congress , rep . dingell advocated strongly for the environment and fought hard for america ‰ űşs auto industry . as the longest-serving member of congress in history , rep . dingell ‰ űşs experience , institutional knowledge and passion will be missed . best wishes for a happy and relaxing retirement !		constituency		partisan		T000465		facebook		personal
tune into c-span if you can ! i am headed to the house floor to raise my concerns about the draft general management plan the national park service released last week for the ozark national scenic riverways . i will urge the park service to reject changing management practices so that families in #mo8 can continue enjoying all the rivers have to offer .		national		neutral		S001195		facebook		media
the house-passed solution would tie student loan rates to the free market , saving college students up to $ 1,413 ( reuters , 7/1 / 2013 ) . instead , senate inaction allowed the rates to double .		national		partisan		H001053		facebook		policy
good luck to the rocketry team from st . anne ‰ űşs school in porterville who will be competing in the national finals of the team america rocketry challenge tomorrow ! thanks for coming by the office yesterday . we ‰ űşre proud of you all !		national		neutral		M001165		facebook		support
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by yesterday ‰ űşs tragic tornado .		national		neutral		L000263		facebook		personal
happy 69th anniversary , forty-one ! on this day in 1945 , george h . w . bush and barbara bush married in new york while george was on leave from the navy during world war ii . please join us in wishing the 41st president and first lady of the united states a wonderful wedding anniversary . photo credit : george bush presidential library & museum		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		personal
the department of energy claims it ‰ űşs committed to ‰ ű ÷ all of the above ‰ űş energy possibilities , but they are cutting innovative and unconventional fossil energy programs that could really help our economy and energy security . alaskans want to see a commitment across the board on making the most of all the resources we have , from hydro to geothermal to gas and oil , and i asked the department of energy today why they are undercutting these critical efforts for jobs and energy security into the future .		national		partisan		M001153		facebook		policy
proud to be introducing legislation to combat modern-day slavery and illuminate the link between prostitution and sex trafficking . please read about it at the link .		national		neutral		H001059		facebook		policy
this week , the house is voting on a package of jobs bills that promote american made energy . we need less red tape and more jobs !		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		policy
enjoyed visiting with @aipac members from mississippi today about the importance of the u . s-israel relationship . <http>		national		neutral		C000567		twitter		support
house gop r focused on pro-growth bills #4jobs . it ‰ űşs time #senatedems act on these bills so ppl can get back 2 work <http>		national		neutral		R000580		twitter		support
viva mexico ! have a happy mexican independence day ! <http>		national		neutral		V000131		facebook		personal
thanks @protectnevada @lvlcc @lasvegascyclery nv resort assoc @lushltd hhughes and others for the letter ! #goldbutte <http>		national		neutral		H001066		twitter		personal
today i introduced the 21st century energy workforce development jobs initiative act w / reps bobby rush and bill johnson @housecommerce		national		partisan		W000413		twitter		policy
there are a lot of areas where the government can #cutwaste with little pain inflicted on hardworking americans . <http>		national		partisan		J000290		twitter		personal
@archbishopyoung god bless you too !		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
i enjoyed seeing folks in iola , kansas this morning at the allen county farm bureau coffee and conversation legislative update . these are great meetings to hear about what is going on in your area on all levels of government .		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		personal
i enjoyed meeting with mrs . sharon graves ' 8th grade class from richmond's clark-moores middle school in my washington , d . c . office this morning .		national		neutral		B001282		facebook		support
pending " stand your ground " legislation in ohio eliminates a current law requiring retreat before using deadly force . this provision has the potential to increase gun violence for many people , regardless of race , and also negatively impact ohioans subjected to racial profiling . insensitive and reckless acts of prejudice should not be supported by laws encouraging violence . that is why i sent a letter to attorney general eric holder requesting that the department of justice collect additional information on the racial disparities of " stand your ground " laws in communities across the country before another unwarranted death occurs .		national		partisan		F000455		facebook		constituency
this week is national suicide prevention week , and i wanted to touch upon the importance of knowing the warning signs of someone grappling with suicidal thoughts . your knowledge can help save lives . find out more at www.afsp.org .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		support
@ericnakagawa @changetip thank you ! sadly , i have to turn down your cup of coffee - i can't accept gifts , but i appreciate the gesture		national		neutral		H001034		twitter		personal
@wirenut1990 @speakerboehner @repandyharrismd the 37th time isn't the charm . #acarepeal is doa in the senate . now let's get to work .		national		partisan		C001090		twitter		policy
great to see our 41st president , george h . w . bush , is still living life to the fullest on his 90th birthday . #happybirthday41		national		neutral		H001058		facebook		support
video : on @foxnews , senator ayotte says #obamacare problems go beyond website <http>		national		partisan		A000368		twitter		attack
@katg4 understand concerns . important to note : bill still changing via amendments etc . so nothing final which is why we're following closely		constituency		partisan		Q000023		twitter		policy
spoke to @ap about protecting fishing families access to 1 of #sofl's greatest treasures : @biscaynenps <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		policy
happy birthday ! james e . clyburn		constituency		neutral		R000588		facebook		personal
i'm no hr expert , but texas should probably find a new recruiter if it's going to continue to try and poach ca business . @nbcbayarea		national		partisan		S001193		twitter		policy
join rep . larry bucshon and i on wednesday at 2:00 pm at the transportation and infrastructure committee facebook page for a live question and answer session on our experience in the #driverless car .		national		partisan		G000563		facebook		support
thank you ! rt @repgwenmoore : happy birthday to my friend and our @fscdems ranking member @maxinewaters ! ! !		national		neutral		W000187		twitter		personal
look what ‰ űşs hanging on the #whholidays tree . thanks to all who serve , esp . those in the united states air force and the 30th space wing ( vandenberg air force base , calif . )		national		neutral		C001036		facebook		personal
there is a great online portal for veterans , active duty servicemembers , and military families to get the full picture of available benefits . from the department of defense ( dod ) & u . s . department of veterans affairs . <http>		national		neutral		P000608		facebook		other
100 + employers will be at my upcoming sixth district job fair on july 21 at harper college . rsvp here : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000580		twitter		information
pleased that the city commission in royal oak , michigan , where i live , approved a human rights ordinance last night to prevent discrimination . these local efforts , combined with state and federal ones , are vital to insisting on equality under the law for all our citizens .		constituency		neutral		L000263		facebook		policy
rt @speakerboehner : to learn more about the gabriella miller #kidsfirst research act , visit <http>		national		partisan		C001046		twitter		support
@torreymspears thx torrey !		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		personal
kellogg woman and her husband farm . concerned about not qualifying for disaster assistance when their grass suffered drought . #klinetth		national		partisan		K000363		twitter		policy
@jennmurch thanks for the kind feedback .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		support
to learn how to intern with my office and to apply for a fall internship in d . c . or california , click here : <http>		national		neutral		R000487		twitter		personal
interested in learning more about attending our u . s . service academies ? check out service academy day this saturday .		national		neutral		P000034		facebook		personal
just held a call with #nj #lgbt leaders to discuss issues facing the community . we still have a lot of work to do in order to achieve full #equality .		constituency		neutral		P000034		facebook		information
the top 10 corporate tax dodgers : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		policy
from today's colorado springs gazette : " lamborn said he's working to ease the shutdown's symptoms by pushing for a measure that would return all federal workers to the job and guarantee paychecks . " lamborn said getting workers back on the job makes sense for taxpayers , because congress is all but certain to authorize back pay to cover the furloughs . " because we're paying these people back pay anyway , we might as well have them working , " he said .		national		neutral		L000564		facebook		support
today , the va medical center in mountain home was named a ‰ űďtop performer ‰ űť by the joint commission , an independent panel that accredits health care organizations . out of 151 va medical facilities nationwide , 32 were named ‰ űďtop performers , ‰ űť including mountain home , based the joint commission ‰ űşs annual review of evidence-based care that is closely linked to positive patient outcomes . i am proud to see mountain home recognized for their efforts to provide first-class health care to veterans in east tennessee and around the region . the staff at mountain home works tirelessly on behalf of our veterans and i can ‰ űşt think of another group of people more deserving of this tremendous honor . each time i visit the hospital i am impressed by the professionalism of the staff and the quality of care they provide , and i am glad to see their efforts recognized nationally . you can read my press release congratulating mountain home by visiting my website .		national		neutral		R000582		facebook		support
. @usarmy veteran carl wilson served in wwii . he's an evanstonian & he's 101 ! thank you for your service ! #veteransday <http>		national		neutral		S001145		twitter		personal
" supporters on the senate judiciary committee beat back gop efforts to substantially change the immigration legislation . "		national		partisan		F000062		facebook		information
congratulations to the nm mesa students from albuquerque schools who visited the new mexico institute of mining and technology this past weekend . making sure new mexico's students are prepared for college and excited about studying stem ( science , technology , engineering and math ) fields is crucial for the future success of our state . well done ! learn more here : <http>		constituency		neutral		L000580		facebook		information
i applaud the senate for passing a 5 month extension on unemployment insurance for nearly 3 million americans in a bipartisan vote , and now i am calling on the house to do the same . i have held a roundtable discussion with workers in our region and social service providers to discuss unemployment insurance and the importance of extending this program , and also signed onto a letter to speaker boehner requesting a vote on unemployment insurance . extending emergency unemployment insurance is important for washington state families . nearly 25,000 people in our state lost this insurance at the end of december because congress failed to provide an extension . its time to #extendui .		national		neutral		K000381		facebook		policy
can anyone think of anything more important than protecting our children ? i can't , which is why i have worked to create a program to train elite wounded warriors as human exploitation rescue operatives ( heros ) and embed them with law enforcement to go after child predators .		national		neutral		C001051		facebook		policy
president barack obama still doesn't get it . the the white house saying today that its budget proposal will not be balanced . don't you think that washington should have to balance its budget just like hardworking american families & small businesses ?		national		partisan		J000292		facebook		policy
. @kystatefop mcconnell pushes bill to create ‰ űďblue alert ‰ űť to help catch suspects who attack law enforcement officers <http>		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		policy
unbelievable : one day after us economy suffers contraction in gdp growth , pres . obama dissolves jobs council : <http>		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		attack
watch now : joint hearing w @repchrissmith on us citizen pastor #freesaeed , imprisoned in #iran 4 his #christian faith <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
i'm proud of the lafayette parish school system and the wonderful work they do training the next generation of louisiana leaders . i'm proud my office was able to help the lpss obtain a grant to help low-income students realize their potential .		constituency		neutral		B001255		facebook		personal
it's a frigid 25 degrees but feels like - 2 degrees below zero in dc yet there are thousands of dedicated prolife heroes here . #whywemarch		national		neutral		H001053		twitter		personal
in honor of festivus , tomorrow i will be airing my grievances , mostly against washington . check back here in the morning .		national		neutral		P000603		twitter		policy
rt @reuters : u . s . nurse who had ebola is virus free : health officials <http>		national		neutral		G000552		twitter		information
" if there is no struggle , there is no progress . " frederick douglass		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
this past monday i was glad to tour the facilities of both ilsco extrusions inc . and the pennex aluminum company in greenville along with state senator bob robbins .		national		neutral		K000376		facebook		personal
indeed . mt @repmaloney : new 9/11 study : 15 % higher cancer rate for 1st responders - - why #zadroga act is necessary . <http>		constituency		partisan		N000002		twitter		policy
on the @edshow at 5 p . m . et discussing #tpp . this so-called " free trade " agreement isn't actually fair for american businesses & workers .		national		partisan		K000380		twitter		policy
#delco county council chairman tom mcgarrigle has declared a #weather-related state of emergency		constituency		neutral		M001181		twitter		information
at rotary club of shawnee mission meeting earlier today , i had the pleasure of visiting with dr . john hollyman , dds . he ‰ űşs 99 years young , a past rotary district governor , a world war ii veteran , and the very first mayor of countryside . it was wonderful speaking with dr . hollyman and i thank him for his many years of public service .		constituency		neutral		Y000063		facebook		personal
pleased to join @unitedwayatl at #myyplatlanta luncheon . will be spking ab leadership , prof devel & public service . <http>		national		neutral		I000055		twitter		personal
hope you can make it to one of my staff-led veterans assistance sessions next week in hope , arkadelphia , or hot springs ! details here :		constituency		neutral		C001095		facebook		information
great to be in akron with joe cronauer and 95.5 at the walk to end alzheimer's disease		constituency		neutral		R000577		facebook		personal
this afternoon , i met with my colleagues in congressional women's working group on immigration reform and the leaders of organizations fighting for immigrant women . our broken immigration has a profound , and often ignored , impact on immigrant women . these women are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation , yet are often left out of the conversation on comprehensive immigration reform . it is critical that we take action to bring these women out of the shadows . i am proud to be a part of this incredible group of women and i am looking forward to fighting alongside them for this important cause .		national		partisan		H001063		facebook		mobilization
today we ‰ űşre all irish ! happy saint patrick ‰ űşs day to everyone !		national		neutral		S001181		facebook		personal
rt @prettygirlceo : ĺç @officialcbc watch : rep . @yvetteclarke speaking now . <http> #cirnowĺč		national		neutral		C001067		twitter		information
glad @charliecrist has options since nov will be tough . he can serve the people at @americanair admiral's club too . <http>		constituency		neutral		R000435		twitter		constituency
very sad to hear of the passing of former hickory mayor bill mcdonald . bill was a cheerful and positive man who served the city honorably and effectively for 20 years . he was a true gentleman and will be missed by all . <http>		national		neutral		M001156		facebook		personal
carl's statement in support of overseas contingency funds request , including $ to train , equip syria opposition : <http>		national		neutral		L000261		twitter		policy
this is a salient editorial from the new york times that explains why some americans who bought their health insurance on the individual market are receiving notices that their policies will be canceled . these canceled policies don't meet higher standards set by the affordable care act , meaning millions of americans will be receiving more affordable , comprehensive coverage with their new plans .		national		neutral		E000215		facebook		information
my may blog posts are up , covering electric boat and quonset development corporation , ocean state job lot , the wickford art association art show , providence's urban wildlife designation ceremony , the center for women and enterprise roundtable , and this past weekend's exeter job corps graduation .		constituency		neutral		L000559		facebook		personal
did you miss rep . griffith's weekly column ? if so , you can check it out by clicking on the link below !		national		neutral		G000568		facebook		policy
i ‰ űşm honored to be recognized as a champion of medicare by local seniors and the coalition for medicare choices . as a doctor , i know first-hand that we can reduce runaway health care costs without making dramatic cuts to medicare and i will continue to take the same approach as your congressman .		constituency		partisan		B001287		facebook		policy
devastated to hear of this tragedy . my thoughts and prayers go out to the people of west , texas and to the families and friends of those who lost loved ones .		constituency		neutral		G000552		facebook		personal
click here to see tips from the chronicle on new estate tax laws : <http>		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		information
i might consider making a beer run for pbo if he asked me rt @russellstinger : do u ever think that you will make a run for president ?		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		support
this week marks 6 years since transcanada applied for a permit to build the keystone xl pipeline to create thousands of jobs and boost america ‰ űşs energy industry . my colleagues and i commemorated the occasion by saying the president needs to stop dragging his feet and allow folks to get to work . <http>		national		partisan		M001153		facebook		personal
congratulations to elana meyers of douglas county for winning another olympic medal . <http>		national		neutral		S001157		facebook		personal
human resources specialist - the department of the army , army national guard is accepting applications for a human resources specialist in guam . the purpose of this position is to provide technical expertise and guidance for all military personnel assigned in the state , and oversees the functions of one of the following human resources programs : officer personnel management , enlisted personnel management , personnel systems , sidpers interface branch , or the personnel services section . job position is open until april 8 , 2013 . for more information , go to <http> .		national		neutral		S001177		facebook		policy
today , the senate unanimously approved legislation i introduced and passed in the house that will expand the alaska native tribal health consortium ‰ űşs ( anthc ) ability to provide health services to patients , particularly for those living in rural areas and villages not connected by road . this legislation , which has been sent to the president to be signed into law , will transfer a 2.79 acre parcel of federal land to anthc , where they plan to build a 170 - room housing facility which will adjoin the alaska native medical center in anchorage .		constituency		neutral		Y000033		facebook		policy
yesterday , ukrainian president petro poroshenko ‰ űşs addressed a joint session of congress . i commend him for the passion & determination he has shown guiding #ukraine on what remains a difficult path to restore the territorial integrity of his country . now , america must stand with ukraine in defense of freedom in the world .		national		neutral		M001165		facebook		support
last year , more than half of the veterans that attended my recruit-a-vet employment fair found jobs through the fair . this year , the job fair will be held on july 29 from 10 a . m . ‰ űň 1 p . m . at the crown center , 1960 coliseum drive , fayetteville . get more information and register to attend on this page of my website :		constituency		neutral		E000291		facebook		personal
i have been meeting with our local hospital officials this week , including those from san joaquin general hospital , st . joseph's medical center , lodi health , and kaiser health , and i am very pleased and proud of the work they are doing to be ready if any ebola cases occur in our area . i told them i would make sure the cdc and federal government supports their efforts . i will continue to press the administration and the cdc to do everything necessary to prevent the disease from reaching our shores again , and to make sure our health care workers have access to the appropriate equipment and most accurate guidance on preventing transmission of the disease .		constituency		neutral		M001166		facebook		personal
al is pleased to announce minnesota-usda partnership to give farmers certainty and improve water quality . <http>		national		neutral		F000457		twitter		support
live at 10:30 am on garrison ( doug rose is in as host today ) on 93.1 wibc-fm . tune-in on air or live at the link : <http>		national		neutral		R000592		facebook		media
per the washington post , senate democrats are " slowing " student loan vote . we have a bipartisan bill that can be voted on now .		national		partisan		P000449		facebook		policy
icymi i was on @msnbc with @tjholmes on saturday , talking about the situation in iraq <http>		national		neutral		L000559		twitter		policy
an amber alert has been issued for a baby abducted in northern california . keep an eye out .		constituency		neutral		G000559		facebook		information
@senrandpaul deserves an answer from obama admin questions abt use of force on u . s . citizens in u . s . ( <http> )		national		partisan		P000449		twitter		support
‰ űďmil needs environment where victims can come fwd w / o fear of retaliation ‰ űť quote w @repmiketurner on dod #mst report <http>		national		neutral		T000465		twitter		support
after my #stateofcivilrights hearing urged support for the death in custody reporting act , i ‰ űşm pleased the senate passed this important bill		national		partisan		D000563		twitter		policy
make sure to tune into america's got talent tonight to see innovative force from farmington !		constituency		neutral		S001195		facebook		information
sam and his parents stopped by my dc office today to help raise awareness of the genetic disorder pku ( phenylketonuria )		national		neutral		U000031		facebook		personal
" so we hope the president will join us in a year of real action ‰ űň by empowering people ‰ űň not making their lives harder with unprecedented spending , higher taxes , and fewer jobs . " - cathy mcmorris rodgers gop #sotu response , 01.28 . 14		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		support
a huge thank you to a crew member working on better call saul - a visitor to my office dropped a packet of personal information in albuquerque and a better call saul crew member found the packet and returned it to my office when they found a staff business card inside . new mexican courtesy at its finest . thanks for your help , jonathan !		constituency		neutral		L000580		facebook		personal
1/3 : new executive orders include improving access to care , accountability , recruiting best medical professionals		national		neutral		C001063		twitter		policy
we remember september 11 , 2001 , not only for the tragic events that occurred and the loved ones lost , but also for the strength and unity demonstrated by americans that day ‰ űň a unique solidarity still found throughout our nation . in the face of great danger , our first responders , service men and women , firefighters , police officers , and everyday americans answered the call of duty . thank you to everyone who continues to selflessly serve this country . your commitment to our freedoms and values remains a symbol of the life and liberty that make this country the land of the free and the home of the brave .		national		neutral		B001257		facebook		personal
#ryanbudget hurts everyone in this country . when it comes to medicare , it hurts seniors on the program now and seniors in the future .		national		neutral		B000711		twitter		support
thank you arc thrift store of adams county . great to meet all the dedicated employees and volunteers committed to helping our community .		national		neutral		P000593		facebook		personal
happy 45th anniversary to aunt dor and uncle bill ! <http>		national		neutral		W000812		twitter		personal
