rt @jameshohmann : nrsc chairman jerry moran is a no vote on any syria resolution .		constituency		partisan		A000367		twitter		attack
. @facebook ' s new privacy policy is a laudable change . as i've said , it should be up to the user to decide how much they share w / the public .		national		neutral		R000361		twitter		policy
this morning , i stopped by richard hamann's barber shop in downtown auburndale to hear his perspective as one of the small businessmen in our community .		national		partisan		W000806		facebook		information
read my latest op-ed on efforts to halt the irs ‰ űşs efforts to stifle free speech here : <http> #idpol		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		mobilization
senator corker expressed strong disappointment that congress will not vote on senator coburn's amendment that would free the postal service to make one change it believes is necessary to reduce costs . specifically , senate amendment 68 , which corker has cosponsored , would strike language in the cr that could mandate six-day delivery . the postal service estimates it would save roughly $ 2 billion a year by moving to five-day delivery for some postal products . ‰ űďthis is typical washington ‰ űówanting to have our cake and eat it , too . we all know that we need to allow the postal service the flexibility to make necessary reforms and cut costs so it can operate more efficiently and effectively , and yet congress continues to stand in the way . this is a missed opportunity to enable the postal service to enact reforms it sees are necessary in order to reduce risk for taxpayers . ‰ űť <http>		constituency		partisan		C001071		facebook		support
happy birthday to the nba mvp and oklahoma city's own kevin durant .		national		neutral		L000575		facebook		support
gm did not immediately notify chevy cobalt owners of defects linked to deadly car crashes . i discussed my efforts to improve the early warning system and ensure penalties for car companies that don ‰ űşt inform the public . see more on cbs evening news <http>		national		neutral		M000133		facebook		support
job well done by the members of the sc house of representatives who voted down medicaid expansion yesterday . #scnews		constituency		partisan		G000359		twitter		policy
joe's office is hosting its next veterans history project event in danville next thursday , dec . 4th . learn more here : <http>		national		neutral		D000607		twitter		information
@ fideicomiso de conservaciě_npr revisando los planes de rehabilitar y restaurar el antiguo acueducto del rě_o piedras		national		neutral		P000596		facebook		support
prepare your home for winter weather : 10 helpful tips to keep your home warm with less impact on you wallet		national		partisan		K000385		facebook		policy
congratulations to maisie , a student at ladd acres elementary in hillsboro , on being named a state finalist in the nationwide doodle 4 google competition .		national		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
washpost ‰ űşs chris cillizza spells out why iowa rules : <http>		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		policy
page 1		constituency		partisan		M001153		facebook		information
@thekevingrace kevin , we actually pre-taped that interview thursday . but happy birthday walter .		national		neutral		T000459		twitter		media
i ‰ űşm calling on all delawareans to help put a stop to prescription drug abuse by ridding yourselves of expired , unused medication today during the 5th annual national prescription drug take back day from 10-2 . using any of these 31 locations across the first state , it ‰ űşs never been easier to discard your meds in a safe , responsible manner - <http>		national		partisan		C000174		facebook		policy
trillion dollar deficits every year and 1,400 days since the u . s . senate has passed a budget . time to cut spending and pass a budget . " like " and " share " if you agree .		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		mobilization
@destigrace1 @americanlegion i support gen shinseki and the va health system . i been there and seen and talk to vets . <http>		national		partisan		F000043		twitter		support
while we lost today ‰ űşs vote to move the paycheck fairness act forward , we refuse to lose the battle . we are going to finish the fight to get equal pay for equal work . we ‰ űşre going to continue to fight to lift the veil of secrecy where right now in many workplaces you are forbidden to discuss the salary that you and your coworkers make . because if you don ‰ űşt know , you can ‰ űşt fight for more dough ! i call on the women of america to suit up , square your shoulders , put on your lipstick and continue the fight for this equal pay revolution !		national		neutral		M000702		facebook		policy
@wuky senate democrat leadership blocks mcconnell ‰ űşs #savingcoaljobsact <http>		national		partisan		M000355		twitter		information
creative #coenergy development at edf heartland #biogas proj in #weldcounty shows #co in driver's seat on innovation . <http>		national		neutral		U000038		twitter		information
please keep everyone in #oklahoma in your prayers as they endure another day of severe weather and outbreaks of tornados .		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		policy
it was a pleasure to join the @aipac miami club for their gala this evening <http>		national		neutral		D000600		twitter		personal
senator mcconnell speaks at press conference on irs scandal .		national		partisan		M000355		facebook		personal
#spendingistheproblem : what could you do with your $ 52k share of the national debt ? <http>		national		neutral		G000552		twitter		policy
renee & i enjoyed hosting #nc08 women ‰ űşs symposium friday . check out this article highlighting the event @indytribune : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001067		twitter		personal
hope you can make it to one my staff-led veterans assistance sessions next friday ! details here : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001095		twitter		media
proud to receive @hdmaconnect ' s bull dog award for my commitment to keeping our rx supply chain safe from counterfeit <http>		national		neutral		M001142		twitter		support
without a single house democrat in support , house republicans hastily passed a farm bill that cuts out snap and nutrition programs from consideration . share this if you believe congress has a responsibility to support the most vulnerable americans .		national		partisan		J000032		facebook		policy
los pagos de hospitalizaciě_n promedio de medicare a los 51 hospitales en ěáreas urbanas de puerto rico incrementarěán por 42 % desde el 1 de octubre de 2013 , lo cual significa que aumentarěá el total de los pagos de $ 8 millones recibidos este aě ± o fiscal a $ 82 millones en el aě ± o fiscal 2014 ‰ űň un incremento de $ 74 millones . segěľn los estimados , esto significa que un hospital elegible en puerto rico recibirěá un pago promedio de medicare de sobre $ 8,000 por cada paciente dado de alta . antes el promedio era aproximadamente $ 5,590 .		national		neutral		P000596		facebook		support
" we cannot balance the budget on the backs of our seniors . " - - rep . garcia <http> <http>		national		neutral		G000573		twitter		support
ready to work w / @darrellissa to finish job of restoring postal service to long-term solvency . committed to getting this done in the #113th .		national		neutral		C000174		twitter		personal
if you haven't already , make sure to check out my website and sign up for our weekly email update the benishek bulletin ! <http>		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		support
at the veterans affairs committee markup this morning , we passed a five year moratorium on performance bonuses for senior executives at the dept . of veterans affairs		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): global warming : global warming could make the united states 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century , according to a national climate assessment report issued at the white house on tuesday . ‰ űďmost people who aren ` t under the influence of the koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry know the severity of the problem and understand that , if we do not get our act together and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels into energy efficiency , into sustainable energy , this planet is going to face huge problems in the years to come , ‰ űť sen . bernie sanders told chris hayes in an interview tuesday on msnbc . climate change : sanders has introduced legislation with sen . barbara boxer , the senate environment committee chairman , proposing a fee on carbon and methane to curb greenhouse gas emissions , the burlington free press reported . another sanders bill would end tax breaks and subsidies for oil and coal companies . both ideas are backed by scientists and leading economists but have been blocked by republicans in congress who dismiss climate change , wfff-tv and wvny-tv reported . new fed chief to testify : federal reserve chair janet yellen will be on capitol hill for the first time on wednesday as the nation ‰ űşs central banker to testify about the economic outlook before the joint economic committee . ‰ űďi want her thoughts about how we deal with the crisis of long-term unemployment , ‰ űť sen . sanders told the wall street journal ‰ űşs ‰ űďmarket watch . ‰ űť ‰ űďi want her thoughts on the very significant issue of how we deal with income and wealth inequality in america . " college cost crisis : with the average student graduating $ 27,000 in debt in what sen . sanders calls a crisis of college affordability . ‰ űďthe fact that hundreds and hundreds of thousands of young people who are bright , who would like to get a higher education , have now decided , because they do not want to leave school deeply in debt , that they are not going to go to college , ‰ űť sanders said in a senate speech broadcast on wfff-tv and wvny-tv . he's drafting legislation to allow low-income students to pursue college courses while they are in high school . he also backs legislation to rein in rising student loan interest rates . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		policy
reminder : tomorrow i am kicking off my #marthalistens town hall tour in prattville ! i look forward to this valuable opportunity to listen to your ideas and concerns about the federal government . click here for other locations : <http>		national		neutral		R000591		facebook		media
going to vote on #keystonexl approval right now .		national		neutral		B001280		twitter		policy
instead of putting college out of reach for american students let's invest in our future , economy , and middle class #dontdoublemyrate		national		neutral		M001137		twitter		support
congratulations to the rover hawks team from umass lowell ! they won first place in nasa ‰ űşs revolutionary aerospace systems concepts academic linkage ( rasc-al ) exploration robo-ops competition . just another example of the third district leading the way in innovation ! read more : <http>		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		support
texas continues to lead !		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		support
pres . roosevelt signed gi bill of rights into law 70 yrs ago ‰ űň one of greatest investments our nation has ever made . <http>		national		partisan		B001287		twitter		policy
don ‰ űşt forget that today is tax day ! visit the rhode island division of taxation website to learn more about the free file programs that are available to you .		national		neutral		L000559		facebook		mobilization
breaking news : a provision i introduced is heading to president's desk - will support ky equine industry and jobs <http>		national		neutral		B001282		twitter		personal
here are a few great pictures of the quarterly meeting of the governor's stem advisory council . thanks to everyone who joined and shared their thoughts on stem education in our commonwealth - especially secretary greg bialecki , secretary joanne goldstein and executive director allison scheff .		constituency		neutral		K000379		facebook		media
just put the pieces together yourself . congress must fix #hobbylobby and make health care #notmybossbusiness		national		partisan		B000711		facebook		policy
baltimore county md . health - back to school free immunizations <http>		national		partisan		C000984		twitter		policy
don't forget to cast your vote #fl17 congressional art competition . winner will hang in us capitol <http> #sayfie		national		neutral		R000583		twitter		personal
he has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation of large districts of people , unless those people would ...		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
for the 37th time the house gop will take a vote to repeal the aca . big thanks to #boehnercare for allowing insurance companies to once again place a lifetime limit on patient health coverage . can you place a dollar amount on a life ? it's time to get to work and stop wasting the american people's time and hard earned tax dollars !		national		partisan		B000911		facebook		policy
it just got easier to return to the usa at fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport . the airport has installed 10 automated passport kiosks in terminal 4 that help you pass through customs more quickly .		constituency		neutral		W000797		facebook		personal
today , tracy rogers with kait - 8 stopped by to chat in my washington office . thanks for making the trip up to visit !		national		neutral		C001087		facebook		personal
rep . mckinley meets with members of the vfw 826 in kingwood at this veteran's roundtable meeting . this is another in a series of meetings with veterans in the first district in w.va .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
also from the new york times series on the failed #warondrugs : " a majority [ of americans ] believe that the war on marijuana has failed and that it ‰ űşs time to end it . "		national		partisan		C001068		facebook		media
excited to hear lowe's is bringing a new customer support center to indy . nice to see #in05 attracting new jobs ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001284		twitter		constituency
the department of defense will begin a new initiative aimed at ending sexual assault in the military . one of the rules they will be releasing is based on an amendment i successfully included into the national defense authorization act ( ndaa ) for fiscal year 2014 . my " no tolerance " provision protects the newest members of the armed forces from being subjected to inappropriate sexual contact or relationships during the recruiting and training process . more - <http> .		national		partisan		H001055		facebook		policy
students - - are you considering applying for a congressional service academy nomination ? the deadline is next week , 31 october 2014 , so be sure to submit your application before then . find more information , here : <http>		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		information
saving women's lives #obamacareinthreewords		national		partisan		S001145		twitter		policy
thanks for having me ! rt @peruhighschool : @repwalorski did a fantastic job & is welcome back anytime . <http>		constituency		neutral		W000813		twitter		personal
if you haven't already done so , please use the link below to sign up for my e-newsletter . i'll be sending out an april update soon !		national		neutral		J000255		facebook		information
while the obama's dictate the need for clean air and healthy habits to us through school lunches and other onerous regulations , the prez continues to light it up . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		personal
i still haven't been able to successfully enroll in the exchange .		national		neutral		P000602		twitter		support
last week i attended the mayor's ambassador forum in gilbert , and discussed how we can work toward growing gilbert ‰ űşs workforce . i enjoyed the discussion and addressed how critical local education is to continue building gilbert in the years to come .		national		neutral		S000018		facebook		personal
newark ll up , 5-2 , and batting in the top of the 3rd in llws opener . let's go boys ! ! ! keep it up ! ! #llws #netde		constituency		neutral		C001083		twitter		personal
on national love your pet day #tbt to me & the love of my life jj in holton , ks . and no we didn't eat him ! #jjthelamb <http>		national		neutral		J000290		twitter		personal
voted for the bipartisan tax increase prevention act so families & businesses can rely on tax relief next year . <http>		national		partisan		B001287		twitter		policy
friends , it came to my attention awhile back that a lot o f you have been sending me direct messages on facebook . i have been going through and responding as best i can . i apologize if it took me awhile to get back to you or if i still haven't gotten back to you . there are literally hundreds of fb messages to return ( plus emails , letters , voice mails , faxes ! ) . just remember that if you have an urgent matter that needs immediate attention , the best way to reach me is to call my office .		constituency		neutral		D000616		facebook		personal
a tornado warning has been issued for allegheny and washington counties . please be careful and take shelter if you're in the path of violent storms heading through the area . kdka.com has the latest weather alerts .		national		neutral		M001151		facebook		personal
new blog post filled w / recent news from fed agencies includes a link to where to get latest on fight against ebola : <http>		national		neutral		B001236		twitter		information
the #nra is powerful . people power is just as powerful , we just don't exercise it enough .		national		neutral		C001067		twitter		policy
in case you missed it : roe supports the simple fairness act . video : <http>		national		partisan		R000582		twitter		policy
not one single republican showed up for today ‰ űşs scheduled epw committee markup . this is very sad . this is obstructionism , pure and simple . it has nothing to do with gina mccarthy . it has nothing to do with the answers she supplied this committee . it is republican obstructionism . she has answered over 1000 questions , which is unprecedented . the maximum number before was in the three hundreds . when lisa jackson was confirmed , there were about 100 questions asked . this has been a pattern on the republican side of the aisle with obstructing president obama ‰ űşs nominations . yesterday we saw , in one of our committees , a technical rule used to block the vote for tom perez to be secretary of labor . this is a pattern of blocking confirmation votes for president obama ‰ űşs nominees for key cabinet positions . this is wrong .		national		partisan		C000141		facebook		policy
rt @meganmitchell : . @johncornyn to @presssec not only is this legislation necessary it ‰ űşs the moral obligation of this nation		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		policy
if you're in the coeur d'alene area , i will be on the mike fitzsimmons show , kxly 920 , at 3:30 pm pt . listen live here : <http>		national		neutral		L000573		facebook		media
police have identified aaron alexis ‰ űň who has ties to fort worth ‰ űň as the shooting suspect in yesterday ‰ űşs navy yard massacre . authorities are asking that anyone with information on the suspect contact the fbi ‰ űşs washington field office at (202) 278-2000 or 1-800- call-fbi ( 1-800-225-5324 ) . #navyyardshooting		constituency		neutral		G000377		facebook		information
proud of the #southvalley and #valledeoro thanks to @secretaryjewell @martinheinrich @senatortomudall <http>		constituency		partisan		L000580		twitter		personal
we must help us companies start , grow , produce here & sell their products around world . that's why i support renewing @eximbankus #exim4jobs		national		neutral		S001190		twitter		policy
veterans deserve better care and more control over their own health-care decisions .		national		neutral		W000437		facebook		other
thanks @etasigmasgrhos for inviting me to keynote your sgrho founders observance today . always love meeting my @sgrhoupdates sorors .		constituency		neutral		K000385		twitter		media
the small business administration has a new program to help veterans secure business loans . learn how here : <http>		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
hhs secretary sebelius is testifying before congress about the obamacare rollout . what would you ask her ? watch here : <http>		national		neutral		W000815		twitter		information
congratulations to bryan holubec for winning my website photo contest . his photo of williamson county will be featured as a background of my new webpage . coming soon !		constituency		neutral		C001051		facebook		personal
so , carney believes a wage gap is ok at the white house as long as it's better than the national average ? <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
joe henry ogburn lost his life in the korean war but his family did not receive a properly presented american flag for his service . thankfully , that mistake was finally corrected . it was an honor to present joe ‰ űşs brother , reverend jesse ogburn , with a flag flown over the u . s . capitol to recognize his brother ‰ űşs memory and service to our country . <http>		national		partisan		K000381		facebook		support
i'll be hosting a facebook town hall tomorrow evening - what are your top questions ? <http>		constituency		neutral		M001185		twitter		mobilization
photo : at houston roundtable with ted cruz exploring ways we can preserve social security : <http>		national		neutral		C001056		twitter		support
ten senators who voted for the internet sales tax last year have now been defeated or are retiring . the lame duck session may be their last , best chance to pass it . we must say no . #nonettax . not now , not ever !		national		partisan		C001098		facebook		attack
it was great to see my friend andrea mitchell , @mitchellreports honored for her work in #cancerawareness today in dc . <http>		national		neutral		H000206		twitter		personal
sixth district stops		constituency		neutral		G000289		facebook		information
my staff will be in your community tomorrow ! from 1-4 p . m . members of my staff will be at the indianapolis public library ( 5420 east 38th street ) to help anyone facing issues with a federal agency . stop by and see how we can help you .		national		neutral		C001072		facebook		support
. @pscspeaks thanks for folks ' participation in this event . we will continue to do more on this front .		national		neutral		W000804		twitter		mobilization
every day researchers are getting closer to finding treatments and a cure for #alzheimers great job by @harvard <http>		national		neutral		I000057		twitter		information
it should not have taken this long but cloture was just invoked on the package to #renewui - one less hurdle on the path to final passage .		national		neutral		C001070		twitter		policy
1 - false . lewis & clark encountered their first grizzly bears in #northdakota . #nationaltriviaday		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		support
click here to see a link to the heritage foundation report that shows the cost of amnesty to taxpayers will be $ 6.3 trillion :		national		partisan		S001141		facebook		support
thanks to stewart of #searcy for becoming my 6,000 th like on @facebook ! <http> #ar2		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		personal
read more about my verified and legitimate id ( valid ) act here : <http> ( 2/2 )		national		neutral		M001158		twitter		personal
i hope folks all across the district will take a chance and look at the great student art submissions for the congressional art competition . you can vote by " liking " submissions until april 29th !		constituency		neutral		M001185		facebook		personal
exhilarating to be at the @chrysler 200 unveiling at the #naias after car was built at plant almost shuttered 6 years ago		national		neutral		C000174		twitter		personal
" it's nice to be important but it is more important to be nice . "		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
also stopped by superior linen while in springdale to tour their facility and discuss bringing manufacturers back to the us .		constituency		neutral		W000809		facebook		personal
tonight , i will discuss voter id laws live on msnbc ‰ űşs the rachel maddow show at 9:10 p . m . et /8 : 10 p . m . ct . the rachel maddow show , airs on msnbc at 9:00 p . m . eastern , monday through friday , and is rebroadcast at midnight eastern . please check your local listings for exact times and station details in your area . tune in ! <http>		national		neutral		V000131		facebook		personal
thanks to @repmikerogers for cosponsoring hr 2809 . #delaydefund		national		neutral		B001243		twitter		support
botanical gardens <http>		national		neutral		F000458		twitter		personal
elliott's last lunch on the snap challenge - his last pork chop , pasta and a little sauce . could you live off $ 4.50 a day ?		national		neutral		R000576		facebook		support
happy 4th of july #il05 ! lincoln's words are lasting reminder #freedom is what america is all about #independenceday <http>		national		neutral		Q000023		twitter		personal
to honor sakia gunn ‰ űşs memory let ‰ űşs take real action for lgbtq #equality & against violence / discrimination @aaogcnewark <http>		constituency		neutral		P000034		twitter		mobilization
ty @congressfdn for my 7th golden mouse award ! i am proud to use #tech to make #democracy more open & accessible <http>		national		neutral		H001034		twitter		policy
the wh gives big biz yet another break from #obamacare #trainwreck ... what about the break for individuals & families ? <http>		national		partisan		F000460		twitter		policy
congressional democrat compares irs to totalitarian regime . says , we should consider special prosecutor . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
glad to join @njea retired teachers in monmouth county today . thanked them for their dedication to #nj youth & years of service		constituency		neutral		P000034		twitter		constituency
pres obama just announced he's cancelling his trip to asia so he can continue lecturing republicans and refusing to negotiate . #notleading		national		partisan		D000615		twitter		attack
breaking news : i made my prediction for the 2013 @ncaa #championship last night on the @msnbc ... oh <http> @ohiostate @edshow		national		neutral		R000577		twitter		media
the latest #ebola case underscores the need for more rigorous isolation and quarantine protocols for returning healthcare workers . on w / mike pintek on kdka radio 1020am right now . tune in :		national		neutral		M001151		facebook		policy
here's some great news ! ups commits to hire 25,000 veterans over the next five years as well as committing to serve more than 25,000 employee volunteer hours helping veterans and veterans service organizations ( vso ) . i commend ups for standing up and helping our veterans get back to work , it is the least we can do to say thank you to our servicemen and women protecting our freedoms .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		policy
did you know that tax compliance costs are 65 percent higher for small businesses than for big businesses ? like if you are ready for real reforms to the tax code .		national		partisan		G000563		facebook		policy
we vote on amash-conyers-massie-mulvaney-polis amdt today to rein in domest surveillance of innocent americans . how will your rep vote ? #nsa		national		neutral		M001184		twitter		policy
cr will include repeal of the medical device tax . this has already passed the house ( 270-146 ) and senate ( 79-20 ) with bipartisan votes and harry reid called the tax " stupid . " it stifles innovation , increases costs of healthcare , and costs our economy jobs . this should be a simple issue to agree on .		national		partisan		H001055		facebook		support
@cfpb study confirms need to prevent medical debt unfairly harming consumers ‰ űş credit scores : <http>		national		partisan		M001176		twitter		support
we've just learned today that only 106,000 people nationwide have enrolled in the obamacare exchanges - much , much less than the obama administration was counting on . here , you can see how the new law could affect your premiums . <http>		national		partisan		P000601		facebook		policy
inspired by satya nadella , the head of microsoft , who came by the capitol today to share the company's vision for the culture of change and innovative technology in the 21st century !		national		neutral		M001159		facebook		personal
middle & low-income families would be hurt most by a #carbontax . we need an all-of-the-above approach to #americanenergy .		national		partisan		B000575		twitter		policy
‰ űď @preovolos : @jahimes why is there no exit 1 ? ‰ űť oh that's easy . it's because ours go to eleven .		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		other
sen . ron wyden gives the best 90 - second endorsement for net neutrality i've seen yet - click the link for a video . net neutrality means not letting some people pay more for a faster internet and dooming low income americans to lesser service . it's a simple idea that lobbyists are trying to confuse .		national		neutral		G000551		facebook		personal
my #saveourmilitarycommissaries amendment was included in the funding bill that passed the house . <http>		national		partisan		R000593		twitter		policy
happy labor day ! i am proud to salute all the hardworking men and women who make our country great and strong . god bless you all !		national		neutral		K000376		facebook		personal
after a long process , i'm proud that we were able to secure the necessary funding to restore woodmont beach after it was devastated by hurricane irene .		national		neutral		M001169		facebook		support
speaking on the house floor tonight to honor my friend & mentor @john_dingell who became the longest serving member of congress this month .		national		neutral		B001252		twitter		support
johnson and senate colleagues file amendment to remove divisive imf changes , making ukraine aid swifter , likelier . <http>		national		partisan		J000293		facebook		support
release of taliban detainees alarms afghan villagers <http> #bergdahl #pjnet		national		neutral		S000937		twitter		other
a sunny day in #nj brought out a large crowd for the south amboy st . patrick's day parade today . i got to march with mayor henry and council .		constituency		neutral		P000034		facebook		personal
project to turn robert moses pkwy into olmstedian riverway supported by nys & over $ 1m in fed funds : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001038		twitter		constituency
pleased that @cmsgov has been so responsive to the needs of ri's hospitals and health care workers <http>		national		partisan		L000559		twitter		policy
since the awful tragedy in rwanda 20 years ago , life expectancy has doubled to more than 60 years , economic growth consistently reaches 8 % annually , and the number of deaths of children under age 5 has plummeted . as i travel to rwanda , i hope that we never forget what happened here . however , the future rwanda is getting brighter each year .		constituency		neutral		B001270		facebook		information
today's photo of #edscapitoltour offers a view of the capitol dome under construction from the vantage point of the capitol visitors center , located underground on the east side of the capitol . the cast iron is original to the dome ‰ űşs construction in the late 1850s and early 1860s ‰ űň making it more than 150 years old . following a decade of extensive study , an estimated 1,000 cracks have been identified that needs attention . construction is expected for the next two years to help repair the dome , the first restoration work to its exterior in more than 60 years . scaffolding is being placed from the top of the dome to the base , as each crack in the cast iron must undergo a technique called ‰ űďlock and stitch . ‰ űť this time-consuming work must be done by hand but when complete , will preserve this great symbol of democracy for generations to come .		national		neutral		W000413		facebook		media
to all the families lighting the menorah tonight at sundown , happy #hanukkah and chag sameach .		national		neutral		K000379		twitter		personal
we've heard republicans say they want to close loopholes--let's start closing them !		national		partisan		E000288		twitter		policy
florida state parks are celebrating literacy this month . entrance to all 161 state parks is free today through saturday for visitors who bring a library card , library book or donate a new or used book .		constituency		neutral		W000797		facebook		constituency
planned parenthood honored the work of senator frank r . lautenberg with the international family planning hero award at rutgers university today		constituency		partisan		P000034		facebook		personal
watching the irs hearings this week makes me think the irs is a good candidate for mike rowe's " dirty jobs " show . #bsirs #irsscandal		national		partisan		D000615		twitter		policy
rt @jbohenreports fitzpatrick , house pass ‰ ű ÷ for vets act ‰ űş <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
rt @cliff_sims : . @senshelby tees off on obama administration : it ‰ űşs time to say ‰ ű ÷ no ‰ űş to illegals , enforce the law <http> via ‰ ű_		national		partisan		S000320		twitter		mobilization
yesterday , i met with students and teachers from r . l . paschal high school at the u . s . capitol . <http>		constituency		neutral		G000377		twitter		personal
tune in at 2:30 pm az time & join our coalition to prevent veteran suicide . join the conversation using #stop22aday .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		support
hearts are heavy in northeast ohio as we grieve a fallen soldier . army specialist angel lopez was a mechanic in afghanistan who lost his life due to injuries sustained from an attack on his unit . angel ‰ űşs family said he was a good person who loved his family . he graduated from john marshall high school and leaves behind a wife and two young kids . the government shutdown impeded angel ‰ űşs wife ability to receive his last paycheck . but fortunately , the house and senate recently passed h.j.res . 91 , a funding bill to allow the pentagon to pay military death benefits despite the government shutdown . now angel ‰ űşs family no longer has to worry about costs such as his burial expense . at least 2,146 members of the u . s . military , 132 this year alone , have died due to the afghanistan conflict . this 12 - year-old war has resulted in far too many casualties and i look forward to the day when all of our troops can be safely brought home . my thoughts and prayers are with the lopez family .		national		neutral		F000455		facebook		information
i applaud the department of energy ‰ űşs recent announcement of dedicating $ 50 million in research grants to the innovation of development of fuel-efficient and electric vehicles . i drive an electric vehicle myself , and i know that these are the cars of the future . investments like these are critical to ensuring that we are on the forefront of innovative technologies and implementation of policies that make these cars practical and preferable for every family .		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		support
had opportunity to participate in @buildstrongusa panel on importance of disaster mitigation . <http>		national		neutral		R000593		twitter		support
earlier today , i met with folks from the sangamon county farm bureau to discuss the importance of a longterm farm bill and other issues facing our agricultural community		constituency		neutral		D000619		facebook		policy
happy st.joseph ' s day to joseph , jose , giuseppe , etc . have a great day ! ! @senatorserrano @repjoecrowley @joseadelgadoend @jdbalart		national		neutral		S000248		twitter		support
on memorial day and every day , our deepest gratitude goes to the brave souls who gave their lives for freedom . in the words of poet thomas williams parsons , " on thy grave the rain shall fall from the eyes of a mighty nation . "		national		neutral		K000368		facebook		personal
to read rep . griffith's statement on the anniversary of the september 11 , 2012 terrorist attacks on the u . s . consulate in benghazi , libya , please click on the link below .		national		partisan		G000568		facebook		personal
looking forward to watching the opening ceremony tonight and cheering on team usa . what's your favorite event ? #sochi		national		neutral		S001150		facebook		personal
robert ‰ űşs round-up : july monthly video address : <http> #va5		national		neutral		H001060		twitter		support
seeing the great work of co-op elevator reaffirms importance of understanding michigan ag <http> <http>		constituency		neutral		M001150		twitter		policy
the change we work for today can add up to incredible progress in our lifetimes . - tb #passenda <http>		national		partisan		B001230		twitter		policy
welcome to @senatebanking @sen_joemanchin @elizabethforma @senatorheitkamp @tomcoburn & @sendeanheller . look fwd to working with all of you .		constituency		neutral		C000880		twitter		support
brenda and i want to wish you a happy and safe labor day .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		personal
at a town hall meeting years ago , i was approached by several seniors who told me they could not find a doctor willing to treat them . that is when i first learned about the underpayment of doctors on the central coast by medicare . this problem has lead to a shortage of doctors in our area and even fewer able to treat medicare patients . today i am proud to say that after almost 15 years of hard work , the president signed my bill to fix this . we will now once again be able to attract more talented doctors and keep the ones who are already here . this is a big win for everyone , especially seniors !		constituency		neutral		F000030		facebook		information
last night we lost " america's most beloved gospel singer , " george beverly shea , of montreat after a brief illness . working with reverend billy graham , bev spread the gospel to every continent and state of the union . he'll be missed but remembered through his music and the kindness that he showed so many around the world .		national		neutral		M001156		facebook		personal
beware of a phone scam pretending to be the irs . remember to never give personal information over the phone , and if you get a call , report it to the irs immediately . <http>		national		neutral		H001051		facebook		support
i was pleased to congratulate jaquel barnes of orlando , a scholarship winner of the thanks usa program which provides education assistance to children of u . s . military families . over $ 592,000 donated have provided 197 florida military families with scholarships since 2005 .		national		neutral		M000689		facebook		support
today let us celebrate our freedoms and how blessed we are to live in this great country . happy #independenceday <http>		national		neutral		H001053		twitter		personal
great welcome home for the missouri national guard 1138th engineer company this weekend in farmington . big thanks to tony carroll for representing me at the ceremony and extending a warm homecoming message on behalf of everyone in our district !		national		neutral		S001195		facebook		information
kelly : " it's going to mean higher premiums and higher costs . " #rateshock <http>		national		partisan		M001151		twitter		attack
unintended consequences of government help : making life harder for young teachers . <http>		national		neutral		J000293		facebook		support
d-day : our soldiers did a great service not only to america , but to all mankind . let's #neverforget their strength and courage .		national		neutral		J000292		twitter		support
the news this morning is encouraging , but there is still much work left to do to end the government shutdown , enable our country to pay bills we have already incurred , and commence negotiations on a long term plan to create jobs and reduce our deficit and debt . i'll be sure to keep you updated .		national		neutral		C001090		facebook		support
the @thehawkeye editorial board calls my proposal to give 28m american workers a raise & #raisethewage to $ 10.10 , " the thing to do . "		national		partisan		H000206		twitter		policy
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of today's tragic shootings at the washington navy yard .		constituency		neutral		L000575		facebook		support
today the 9/11 memorial museum was dedicated in new york city . " we will not tire , we will not falter and we will not fail . " - president george w . bush ( 09/20 / 01 )		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		support
life is precious .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		support
today is the 13th anniversary of the #september11 terror attacks take a moment of silence 2 pray & remember never forget . god bless #america		national		neutral		M001179		twitter		personal
a big thank you to ksel portales , carlsbad radio , and the crew at news new mexico in las cruces for some great radio interviews this morning !		constituency		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
do you have ? s you'd like @darrellissa to ask the #irs commissioner tonight ? if so , share them w / him now : <http> #tcot		national		neutral		R000597		twitter		mobilization
immunity for what ? didn't she say she did nothing wrong ?		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
i want to commend mayor bill de blasio on signing the municipal id bill . finally , thousands of parents here in new york city will have an opportunity to visit their children's schools .		constituency		partisan		C001067		facebook		personal
by delaying another component of his signature law for a select few , president obama has yet again confirmed what we ‰ űşve long said ‰ űň his health care law is unworkable and harming american families .		national		partisan		S001176		facebook		attack
our current tax code is not working . do you support a flat tax , fair tax or something else ? tell me on fb <http>		national		partisan		D000616		twitter		mobilization
now that a draft comprehensive immigration bill is out in the senate , it's more important than ever that people come out to have their voices be heard at my may 2nd forum . an overview of the bill can be found here : <http>		national		neutral		P000096		facebook		policy
at an obamacare event in virginia this weekend , attendance was ... sparse .		national		partisan		N000182		facebook		policy
this long-overdue decision is a huge victory for science-based public health , and i appreciate the obama administration ‰ űşs decision to allow this important ruling to stand . improving access to emergency contraception keeps private and time-sensitive health decisions where they belong , in the hands of women , during what can easily be one of the most difficult moments of their lives . the american academy of pediatrics and many other health experts agree emergency contraception is safe for use by women of all ages , and i will continue fight to ensure women have access to the full range of comprehensive health care options they deserve .		national		neutral		Q000023		facebook		policy
@cerebralguild drug testing can prevent truck drivers & doctors endangering others , deter teens & prevent welfare being used 4 drugs ,		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
last #congress i introduced a bill to address teen pregnancy w / @senatorboxer <http> #latinachat		national		partisan		R000486		twitter		policy
think obamacare is bad ? it's just the first step : <http> we can stop it . #dontfundit #defundobamacare		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		mobilization
congratulations to alexandra gritta for receiving the congressional award gold medal . she is the only oregonian receiving the award this year , and the 11th recipient from oregon since congress established the program in 1979 .		national		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
no budget , no pay is a common-sense idea : members of congress do not get paid until they do their job and pass a budget <http>		national		partisan		M001185		twitter		policy
i hope senate dems will seriously consider this amdt & will not throw our veterans & unemployed under the bus . <http>		national		partisan		B001135		twitter		personal
new bipartisan agreement to #renewui . let's see what excuses not to act the #gop will come up with this time . <http>		constituency		neutral		P000607		twitter		policy
not what you want to be reading with your morning coffee : <http>		national		neutral		H001053		twitter		policy
2 . the #choiceact puts education back in the hands of parents , and away from dc bureaucrats . #schoolchoice #opportunityagenda		national		partisan		S001184		twitter		policy
retweeted repkevinbrady ( @repkevinbrady ): cia director pledges to make benghazi survivors available to talk <http>		national		neutral		M001157		facebook		personal
just wrong : the doctor who helped us catch osama is locked up and his bodyguard is being cleared for release . #gitmo		national		partisan		C001098		facebook		policy
warm welcome at high liner foods ! <http>		national		neutral		R000589		twitter		personal
i enjoyed chatting with retiring fort hays state president ed hammond today in washington . thank you for your leadership at fort hays state .		national		neutral		Y000063		facebook		support
house #gop just voted to deny millions of americans access to healthcare & pushed us closer to a gov ‰ űşt shutdown . #shameful		national		partisan		S001156		twitter		policy
heading to the floor to talk about why the senate should confirm vivek murthy as #topdocnow . watch live : <http>		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		policy
@newsconnoisseur sorry that u think i'm losing my credibility or effectiveness . thanks for your sense of urgency on this issue . all the best		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		attack
3,500 delawareans , including 1 in 50 african americans in new castle county , has hiv . #gettested <http> #nhtd		constituency		neutral		C001088		twitter		information
#taxreform : closing special-interest loopholes will help lower rates & boost the economy <http> @repdavecamp via @wsj		national		neutral		P000594		twitter		policy
peter strongly supports the efforts of senators leahy and sanders to rein in the #nsa and talked about his initiative to make top secret intelligence budgets transparent to the taxpayer .		national		neutral		W000800		facebook		personal
tonight , president obama will deliver the state of the union address in washington , dc . tune in live at 8p m ct . what do you think he will say this year ?		national		neutral		G000552		facebook		media
ohioans can still vote today despite the #gopshutdown . many courts last year , including the supreme court , ... <http>		constituency		neutral		F000455		twitter		constituency
release : price issues statement on oklahoma disaster #ncpol #oklahoma <http>		national		neutral		P000523		twitter		policy
while i am happy that sgt . bergdahl is returned home safely to his family , president obama broke the law and put our nation at risk . the exchange for five terrorists with american blood on their hands is unacceptable and sets a dangerous precedent . the terms of this exchange sets a strong incentive for terrorists abroad to capture american soldiers . that puts our other forces in afghanistan and around the world at even greater risk . we all want to bring our troops home , but this seems to be a much higher price than we should have paid . <http>		national		partisan		W000812		facebook		policy
today i am touring local businesses in cherryvale , parsons , columbus & galena ! first stop is at promotion pysical therapy in cherryvale .		constituency		neutral		J000290		twitter		media
it's been a good week of town halls and meetings with business owners and constituents in the fourth district . <http>		constituency		neutral		F000456		twitter		constituency
tune in , 6 pm ct : i'm on @loudobbsnews to discuss the #border crisis & my visit to mcallen last wk to investigate the problems first-hand .		national		neutral		F000460		twitter		media
mcconnell : " my constituents in #kentucky will not accept a tax hike in place of spending cuts already agreed to by both parties . " #sequester		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		support
safe , reliable #shalegas is transforming #swpa into the global leader in energy , manufacturing , and chemical production . there are some , however , who want to turn back the clock on this energy renaissance . i ‰ űşll discuss why how natural gas fits into a national energy plan during a town hall meeting * today * at kdka radio ‰ űşs #marcellusfest on stage ae on the north side . click here for more information :		constituency		neutral		M001151		facebook		policy
was pleased to escort constituents to the speaker's balcony this afternoon to enjoy one of the best views in dc .		constituency		neutral		C001094		facebook		personal
today , the department of health and human services released sobering information ( available below ) regarding the situation at our border . sc has received 434 unaccompanied children ( uacs ) . last month , this administration told governor haley that sc received approximately 350 uacs . mr . president , in one month , the number has jumped nearly 25 % . unfortunately , as the hhs data notes , we can only see numbers for counties with more than 50 uacs . with such numbers ( or lack thereof ) , how are we tracking their safety ? rather than discouraging the dangerous journey to our southern border , the president ‰ űşs policies have continued the allusion that our country will accept everyone with open arms . it is clear that this administration has no interest in securing our border or deterring additional vulnerable children from making the hazardous journey to our country . i am proud that the house responded to this crisis a month ago . mr . president , where is your leadership ?		national		neutral		R000597		facebook		policy
proud to honor #vietnam #vet thomas p . doody & give his long-overdue presidential unit citation to his brother , jim . <http>		national		neutral		U000038		twitter		support
in case you didn't see today's paper , i wanted to let you know about a town hall meeting we're holding tomorrow , september 4th , from 5:00 p . m . to 6:00 p . m . at the thomasville-thomas county chamber of commerce to hear from constituents from georgia's eighth congressional district . hope to see you there !		constituency		neutral		S001189		facebook		policy
teachers who pack may mean safer schools . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		personal
did you know that the irs is actually required by federal law to print out hard copies of emails ? there is no excuse for losing lois lerner ‰ űşs emails .		national		partisan		F000461		facebook		personal
congrats @hanscom_afb c-ied team ! their work on detecting & destroying ieds earned the theodore von karman award <http>		constituency		neutral		T000465		twitter		support
catch up on my visit to @smccmaine ' s maine advanced technology & engineering center in brunswick : <http> #mepolitics		constituency		neutral		K000383		twitter		media
i am pleased to have been selected to chair the tax reform working group on debt , equity and capital . the american tax code is outdated and overly complicated . we need to move forward with real tax reform that lowers rates , closes loopholes , and helps strengthen our economy . i look forward to working with my colleagues to explore ways to achieve comprehensive tax reform in 2013 .		national		neutral		M001158		facebook		support
on wednesday , congressman simpson met with the idaho sugarbeet growers association . congressman simpson is the republican lead and co-chair of the house sugar caucus .		constituency		neutral		S001148		facebook		information
i must confess , was pleasantly surprised to see the paper this morning . filing this away under ‰ űďheadlines america wishes were true . ‰ űť #aprilfoolsday		national		neutral		P000197		facebook		policy
joy pruitt invited me to the auburndale chamber of commerce monthly meeting today to hear from the members , provide a congressional update , and answer questions about current events .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		personal
the white house seems to be more concerned about " winning " the shutdown , than taking care of the american people . this is the exact mentality that my colleagues and i are fighting against . it's not about which party wins or loses , it ‰ űşs about doing what's best for our country !		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		support
today i voted for sunsetting 2001 authorization or use of military force ( amuf ) , but rejected by vote of 191-233		national		partisan		D000399		twitter		information
ex-official claims clinton allies scrubbed #benghazi docs in secret sessions <http>		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		media
fifty army guardsmen , a miss . air guard c - 26 aircraft , and members of 238 air support operations squadron called up to help miss . residents .		constituency		neutral		H001045		twitter		information
. @francie57 @housedemocrats want to #endthesequester & have plan to do so . it's important for economic stability , certainty & jobs . #askdems		national		partisan		F000462		twitter		policy
advisory : our next conversations with conservatives will be on thursday , sep . 19 from 1-2 pm et .		national		neutral		L000573		facebook		media
workers have used fmla leave over 100 million times #whatmothersneed is #paidfamilyleave so more can use it to care for family		national		partisan		D000216		twitter		support
this weeks #wastewednesday : from the washington times , " earlier this month , the government accountability office ( gao ) testified before congress that federal agencies made more than $ 100 billion in improper payments last year . to put that number in perspective , $ 100 billion is more than the combined total budgets of the coast guard , u . s . immigration and customs enforcement agency , border patrol , secret service and the federal emergency management agency ‰ űó a lot more . " click the link below to read more : <http>		national		neutral		G000565		facebook		policy
may we all take time to reflect on our blessings and spend time with friends and family these next few days . merry christmas .		national		neutral		R000593		twitter		personal
#obamanomics : higher taxes -> lower consumer spending -> slow economic growth . <http>		national		neutral		R000583		twitter		support
congress has the responsibility . now we must act . <http>		national		neutral		C001067		facebook		policy
an update on fight to protect religious freedom in military on tony perkins radio show today at 5:35 et <http>		national		neutral		L000564		twitter		personal
@laurenbayly @kkllddbb my pleasure . please let me know if there's anything else i can do to help .		national		neutral		S001193		twitter		support
education is the key to our kids ' future . my #skillsact , #leapact and #seajobs act support stem education , while my #choiceact takes decision making away from bureaucrats in dc and returns it home . <http>		national		neutral		S001184		facebook		support
tonight we took an important step to rein in potus immigration overreach and fix this #bordercrisis ! <http>		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		other
and still violates #4thamendment . rt @gorman_siobhan : house intel cmte restructuring of #nsa phone prgm sets up clash w / judiciary cmte .		national		neutral		A000367		twitter		policy
vets groups , editorials , democrats agree : more funding ‰ äę more #vaaccountability <http>		national		partisan		B000589		twitter		policy
in case you missed it on bill rehkopf kdka earlier , here is my announcement that a federal judge has granted a temporary restraining order and told hhs secretary sebelius to direct the transplant network to cease application of the " under 12 rule " as it applies to sarah murnaghan .		national		partisan		T000461		facebook		information
wishing rev . billy graham a very happy 95th birthday . his faithful service to god and our country are a true inspiration .		national		neutral		H001067		facebook		personal
about to go on @thishour on @cnn - tune in now !		national		neutral		S000030		twitter		media
" improving outcomes and experiences for minority women with #breastcancer builds on our mission to encourage minority women with demanding careers working on capitol hill to learn about warning signs and how the importance of early detection of breast cancer can save lives . "		national		neutral		J000032		facebook		policy
was glad to welcome jason smith to congress and witness his swearing today . he is an outstanding leader who will represent mo - 8 well .		national		partisan		H001053		twitter		support
progress is good at @centeronhalsted @heartlandhelps affordable housing project for #lgbt seniors in #chicago #il05 <http>		constituency		neutral		Q000023		twitter		personal
the unfunded liability in medicare , the trustees tell us , is $ 34 trillion over the next 75 years . <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
thank you to everyone who came out tonight in hartville . it was great hearing what was on your mind and answering your questions .		constituency		neutral		G000563		facebook		constituency
happy small business week ! find events and local businesses to support near you <http>		national		neutral		C001063		twitter		information
we need to work together to find real solutions to @fixthedebt before @thecankicksback <http>		national		neutral		M001191		twitter		policy
big home wins today for my @kstate wildcats and @kuhoops ! !		national		neutral		J000290		twitter		support
i was on msnbc's daily rundown this morning to talk about the president's isis strategy and why i believe congress should debate and vote on authorizing u . s . military force against this terrorist group .		national		neutral		H001047		facebook		policy
#tax tips newsletter : <http> to get future updates like this , be sure to subscribe to my e-newsletter .		national		neutral		M001191		twitter		personal
employment prep event for veterans in @cityofolympia this friday , please spread the word <http>		constituency		neutral		H001064		twitter		mobilization
in seney today for the 10th annual snowmobile ride for our veterans . a great cause , and a great day to be on the sleds !		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		policy
did you suffer the effects of the flood in southeast michigan ? the white house has approved the emergency declaration request for assistance , and you might be eligible to receive federal help . residents have until november 24 , 2014 to apply for assistance . if you need assistance you can immediately apply for grants for uninsured home repairs , low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses and other programs to recover from the effects of last month ‰ űşs flooding . register today at www.disasterassistance.gov or phone 1-800-621-3362 . for more information on guidelines please visit ‰ ő <http>		constituency		neutral		L000263		facebook		information
great to see puyallup's denis gray trucking inc . receive national recognition from the u . s . small business administration as washington's family-owned small business of the year . congratulations to denis ' son michael for his success . <http> as a small business owner , i know the determination it takes to stay open . more than half of americans own or work for a small business , and we all benefit from their innovations , job creation , and ability to make the u . s . more competitive globally . i support tax credits that help south sound small businesses hire more employees and support renewal of the export-import bank to give small firms access to foreign markets .		constituency		neutral		H001064		facebook		support
today in 1988 , president reagan signed the civil liberties act into law . the bipartisan legislation condemned the internment of japanese-americans during wwii and offered reparations to the those who were held in the camps . the lead sponsors of the legislation , senator alan simpson and congressman norman mineta , first met each other in 1943 when simpson ‰ űşs boy scout troop visited the camp where mineta was interned . in #colorado , governor ralph carr was one of the few voices in opposition to internment . he famously said , " if you harm them , you must harm me . i was brought up in a small town where i knew the shame and dishonor of race hatred . i grew to despise it because it threatened the happiness of you , and you , and you ! " governor carr ‰ űşs voice remained a minority at the time , but his legacy of civil liberty and advocacy is well celebrated today .		constituency		neutral		P000593		facebook		policy
great to meet with bernie hesse and other folks from ufcw 1189 last week in d . c . we talked at great length about how we can generate good paying middle-class jobs , to reinvest in and grow our northeastern minnesota economy .		constituency		neutral		N000127		facebook		policy
rt @azpm : . @uofa program provides under-insured , people w / o insurance with free eye screenings , #tucson , #health <http> ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		B001279		twitter		information
join me & @naacp today from 10-3 at @floridacity youth activity center for a day of #aca enrollment activities . see you there ! #getcovered		constituency		neutral		G000573		twitter		constituency
recording an interview for eyewitness news first @eyewitnessnyc at 4 <http>		national		neutral		K000210		twitter		media
i was proud to speak at minneapolis ‰ űş first indigenous peoples day yesterday . indigenous peoples day is an opportunity for us all to reflect on the historic and ongoing struggles for minnesota ‰ űşs indigenous communities , and for us to celebrate the rich cultural history of the dakota , ojibwe , and other indigenous nations in our state .		constituency		neutral		E000288		facebook		personal
took a trip down memory lane with current wyoming 4h members . enjoy your trip !		national		neutral		L000571		facebook		personal
wishing the virginia muslim community a blessed and very happy eid al-fitr celebration !		national		partisan		W000805		twitter		personal
no surprise here . more #obamacare problems surface : via @abcnews ' report : health law sign-ups dogged by data flaws ' <http>		national		partisan		C000567		twitter		policy
kris and i are praying for the families in elk county who were affected by this week ‰ űşs severe storms and extensive flooding .		national		neutral		T000461		facebook		support
this guy ... #ca49 <http>		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		other
honored to attend today's inaugural ceremony . <http>		national		neutral		S000185		twitter		personal
one way to give the middle class a " jump start " is to adopt modern workplace leave policies . part-time , working women often are at a disadvantage compared to their part-time male counterparts . in addition , full-time working women make only 77 cents for every $ 1 made by their male counterparts . the article linked below explains this well . democrats in congress are pushing to address the economic challenges of working families : access to quality child care , paid family leave and paycheck fairness are important steps towards ensuring economic stability for women . because when women succeed , american succeeds .		national		partisan		C001066		facebook		policy
please join me tonight for the haltom city #townhall meeting at 6 pm et : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001248		twitter		media
roswell - taste of thai cuisine , sammy & sara deemun serve exceptional , tasty thai food . the thom kai gai soup with coconut milk is very nice .		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
an old one of me and my kids . happy father's day to all of the dads out there today .		national		neutral		G000563		facebook		personal
watch my speech on #marketplacefairnessact here : <http>		national		neutral		D000563		twitter		media
to all those who have served , you have earned the respect of a grateful nation . thank you for your service and sacrifice .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		personal
last week i held a congress at your corner at the bloomingdale chamber of commerce . i was happy to meet with so many of my neighbors to talk about the issues that matter most to them .		constituency		neutral		D000622		facebook		constituency
i am excited to announce the opening of my second congressional office in north carolina's 13th district - located in fremont ! <http>		national		partisan		H001065		facebook		information
relieved to hear that @gsfoundation team is safe and accounted for at #bostonmarathon #santabarbara		national		neutral		C001036		twitter		personal
thanks to the talented high school artists who entered the congressional art competition . my office received over 100 art pieces ! join us at the rancho cordova city hall tomorrow at 6 pm so we can honor the entrants & pick a winner . we ‰ űşll also help kick off the people ‰ űşs choice award so you can select your favorite . details : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001287		facebook		personal
i celebrated valentine ‰ űşs day this year by partnering with students to thank veterans for their service . we visited the delaware veterans home in milford and the va medical center outside wilmington to distribute more than 1,000 cards that children from nine delaware schools made over the last month . it ‰ űşs a good way to show veterans our appreciation and teaches young people about their service . happy valentine ‰ űşs day .		national		neutral		C001083		facebook		personal
i'm honored to the named as a conferee to the wrrda conference committee and look forward to working with my colleagues in the house and senate , republicans and democrats , to finish this process quickly and have the bill signed into law .		national		neutral		D000619		facebook		information
#taxday fact : americans spend 6 billion hrs preparing their taxes each yr . how many hrs did you spend ? #mn03 #time4taxreform		national		neutral		P000594		twitter		information
today i visited the central illinois regional airport to see its economic benefits for the region firsthand . i'll keep working to ensure the air traffic control tower stays open there . <http>		constituency		partisan		K000360		facebook		constituency
i met earlier today with leadership from the civil air patrol which is based at maxwell-gunter air force base in montgomery . i look forward to learning more about the important work they do during a visit to their facility at maxwell next month .		constituency		neutral		R000591		facebook		information
rt @leninpr : maě ± ana no te pierdas pegaos a las 6am en @radioisla1320 hablo con melba acosta , @bacofomento @repjoseserrano @pierluisipnp @may ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		S000248		twitter		media
everything that goes wrong with america , according to the left , is either bush's fault or due to " global warming " - - - even blizzards . now extraterrestrial developments may be blamed on " global warming . " <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
i voted yes on ordering the previous question ( closing debate ) on #hres575 , the rule defining the process for considering #hres567 , which establishes the select committee on the events surrounding the 2012 terrorist attack in benghazi . the motion passed 223-192 .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		information
rt @repmarktakano : take a stand against bullying . support #spiritday . <http>		national		neutral		G000559		twitter		personal
recent information indicates the administration has not been forthright in providing details about the attacks that occurred in benghazi and its subsequent actions . while house committees have engaged in serious and deliberate investigations into these attacks over the past year , the white house has obstructed the truth , concealing pertinent information and misleading congress and the american people . establishing a select committee to investigate these attacks will enable us to hold the administration accountable and finally get the answers we deserve , so we can prevent similar attacks from occurring in the future .		national		partisan		L000566		facebook		policy
here ‰ űşs some highlights of what we ‰ űşve passed this week to #stopgovtabuse : the foia oversight and implementation act makes it easier for you to request information and also holds government agencies accountable to your requests . the taxpayers right-to-know act provides taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of government programs , as well as a list of duplicative programs . the taxpayer transparency and efficient audit act requires the irs to respond to taxpayer inquiries within 30 days . and the protecting taxpayers from intrusive irs requests act prohibits the irs from your religion , politics , or social beliefs . for a full list , click here :		national		partisan		N000182		facebook		attack
our operations on the ground don't come free . help keep this campaign firing on all cylinders : <http>		constituency		partisan		F000457		twitter		mobilization
this afternoon , i had the opportunity to meet with the nominee for secretary of the department of veterans affairs , mr . bob mcdonald . i was impressed by his candor , sincerity and commitment to serving our nation ‰ űşs veterans . mr . mcdonald shares my dedication to seeing that veterans receive the best quality care they deserve from an agency that is worthy of their service , and i plan to support his nomination . the va bureaucracy must be dismantled , and mr . mcdonald is focused and ready to take on the many challenges that lie ahead . i look forward to working with mr . mcdonald when he is confirmed as the new va secretary .		national		neutral		M000934		facebook		policy
this is long-overdue , but welcome news . rt @washingtonpost : panetta removes military ban on women serving in combat <http>		national		neutral		S001150		twitter		policy
a fitting tribute to president gerald ford , who made our state proud in his efforts to heal the nation as president . godspeed to this ship that carries his name , and to the men and women who sail her in their dedication to keep our nation safe .		national		neutral		L000263		facebook		personal
the serrano report for this week , with information about our work in congress & in the bronx , is available online at : <http>		national		neutral		S000248		facebook		personal
my thanks go to out to the capitol police for keeping us safe . my colleagues and i are grateful for all that they do .		national		neutral		J000288		facebook		support
we must empower everyday americans in our elections . that's why i am continuing to advocate for taking big money out of politics and why i have signed as an original co-sponsor of the government by the people act .		national		partisan		L000557		facebook		policy
check out how florida hopes to combat identity fraud and save about $ 60 million a year in benefits it would have paid to fraudsters .		national		neutral		F000462		facebook		information
talking to andrea mitchell on msnbc about my opposition to chuck hagel's nomination to secretary of defense . tune in if you can .		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		policy
happy national bike month ! mike uses his bike to get around as much as he can , both at home in the district and in dc . biking is good for your health , it's good for the environment and it's just plain fun . so grab your bike and celebrate ! just remember to be safe and follow the rules of the road .		national		neutral		Q000023		facebook		personal
#dday footage tears me up as i think of sacrifices of #heroes charging into nazi guns & horrors of war . madness of hitler.sherman was right !		national		neutral		C001068		twitter		personal
hope y'all will join me tonight as we discuss the need for common sense immigration reform . san antonio was one of four cities chosen to host this nation-wide discussion . i am hopeful we will accomplish comprehensive immigration reform this year . voice your support by contacting your representatives .		national		neutral		C001091		facebook		policy
thanks , @alschicago , for talking to me today about als research : <http>		national		neutral		D000622		twitter		information
we remember the victims of 9/11 and their families and give gratitude to our troops for protecting our safety and freedom .		national		neutral		B000013		twitter		personal
( 1/2 ) was saddened to learn of the recent passing of ronald danner , a long-time constituent & decorated wwii veteran . <http>		national		neutral		M001158		twitter		personal
senator shaheen announced today the approval of drug free communities ( dfc ) support program funding from the office of national drug control policy ( ondcp ) to address new hampshire ‰ űşs heroin and prescription drug epidemic as well as her cosponsorship of bipartisan legislation to combat synthetic drugs designed to mimic the effects of controlled substances and circumvent existing federal drug laws . communities throughout new hampshire will receive dfc funding support , which shaheen had called for earlier this year to educate about the dangers of drug abuse to ultimately reduce youth substance use . read more here : <http>		national		partisan		S001181		facebook		policy
diane chisum and the gonzales family - all proud parents of service academy graduates . diane chisum's son , ryan montgomery , graduated from the naval academy this year . maria mejia and michael gonzales ' son , gilbert , is a first year cadet at the air force academy . thank you for attending this year's service academy workshop !		constituency		neutral		R000486		facebook		information
this is why i don't have confidence we've learned the lessons from the tragic attacks on our consulate in #benghazi . <http>		national		neutral		Y000063		twitter		personal
#ar2 mt @speakerboehner : there are important questions pres . obama must answer if considering intervention in #syria <http>		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		policy
yesterday , i shared janet ‰ űşs story on the house floor . <http>		national		neutral		R000592		twitter		information
enjoyed touring dell ‰ űşs facility in nashua this morning <http>		constituency		neutral		A000368		twitter		personal
today ‰ űşs schedule : there are only three legislative days left until the irrational sequester , but instead of taking action to reach a balanced compromise , house republicans are voting on a suspension bill , again . <http>		national		partisan		H000874		facebook		attack
across the country , misinformation about the affordable care act health insurance exchanges is creating opportunities for con artists to defraud families , seniors , and small businesses . criminals who defraud consumers for financial gain must be brought to justice . that is why i am leading the effort to combat fraud in the health care exchanges . with over 30 members of congress signing onto my letter , we urged hhs secretary sebelius , attorney general holder , and ftc chairwoman ramirez that they prioritize resources to combat fraud in the affordable care act health insurance exchanges .		national		neutral		R000599		facebook		policy
to my jewish constituents , a very happy passover to you and your family . chag sameach !		national		neutral		S001150		facebook		personal
proud to support #farmbill that restores certainty for farmers & moves past pelosi ‰ űşs costly , big government policies <http>		national		partisan		S001186		twitter		policy
the tale of two jack lews : which jack lew will show up as treasury secretary ? the one who wants to spend or cut ? jack lew in march 2000 " fiscal discipline is essential ‰ ű_reducing the accumulated federal debt will help us to protect these important programs , improve our ability to respond to future fiscal problems or crises , lower both interest rates and federal interest costs , and encourage continued strong economic growth . " jack lew in february 2011 ‰ űďwe must take care to avoid indiscriminate cuts in areas critical to long-term growth like education , innovation and infrastructure ‰ űó cuts that would stifle the economy just as it begins to recover . that , in turn , would deprive us of one of the most powerful drivers of deficit reduction , a growing economy . ‰ űť		national		partisan		S001183		facebook		policy
background checks are the first line of defense against criminals and the dangerously mentally ill getting guns . <http>		national		neutral		T000460		twitter		policy
i sat down with black entertainment television to discuss my 40 + years of public service in their new series : congressional confidential . this was a great insight into my career and life in public service , and speaks on some of the things that have driven me to keep going for so long . <http>		national		neutral		J000126		facebook		personal
when women succeed , america succeeds ! it is important to boost small businesses and create good-paying jobs through initiatives that help female entrepreneurs get started . i am proud to have championed this sba grant to help take the helen gordon davis women ‰ űşs business centre to the next level . helen gordon davis is an outspoken advocate for women and her legacy lives on through the centre for women .		national		neutral		C001066		facebook		personal
webster county listening post , july 23 . more info : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001053		twitter		information
i have voted to reduce spending , i have voted to repeal and replace obamacare , and i have co-sponsored and voted for a balanced budget amendment . but the policy proposals contained in this non-binding resolution indicate the priorities of this budget , and when those proposals disproportionately affect our state , my vote indicates my priority and that priority is nevada . click the link below to read the rest of my statement .		constituency		partisan		H001055		facebook		mobilization
tonight president obama left americans with a case of deja vu , delivering a speech filled with recycled promises ... <http>		national		partisan		P000592		twitter		attack
" for people like denise , who need a transplant , this isn't about politics ... she's frightened beyond belief that she won't have hc coverage when she needs it . " @kilmeadeandfriends #keepyourplan		national		neutral		D000614		facebook		support
president obama swore an oath to preserve , protect and defend the constitution . legislation will soon be presented that authorizes the house to file a suit to compel obama to follow his oath of office . speaker boehner explains why the president needs to be sued :		national		partisan		F000461		facebook		attack
the house passed a balanced budget that will foster a healthier economy and create jobs . what about the president ? <http>		national		partisan		P000605		facebook		attack
here is a look at just a few of the things i was doing in cincinnati and washington this week . have a great weekend ! #oh01 #weeklyroundup		national		neutral		C000266		facebook		personal
thank you to family research council for helping to spread the word about my amendment ensuring that religious freedom is respected in the military . <http>		national		neutral		L000564		facebook		policy
i am honored to nominate 21 outstanding montana students to our nation's military academies . these students make montana proud , and should be commended for their hard work , commitment to excellence and dedication to service . i wish them all the very best as they continue to serve our state and our nation.you can read the full list of my 2013 nominations here :		national		neutral		D000618		facebook		support
look who duncan ran in to this morning !		national		neutral		T000461		facebook		personal
did you see today ‰ űşs wall street journal article about the number of people on food stamps growing ? with unemployment slowly decreasing and the economy getting slightly better , wouldn ‰ űşt it make sense that the number of people depending on food stamps would also improve ? when it comes to programs like this , we have to ensure money spent is going toward those who truly need it most . i look forward to a thoughtful debate later this year regarding ways to eliminate fraud and abuse within the food stamp program to ensure the system actually works for those who need it . more here : <http>		national		neutral		R000591		facebook		policy
my statement on monday's #bpoilspill into lake michigan . <http>		constituency		partisan		S001145		twitter		support
" texas congressional delegation reacts to bipartisan immigration reform framework " from chron.com blog texas on the potomac .		national		neutral		V000132		facebook		policy
dije @ernestorios786 q es un momento crě_tico para el pueblo venezolano y debemos apoyarlos ! #sosvzla @noticiascaracol <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
great to be at @nnedv breakfast to support efforts to end domestic violence <http>		national		partisan		A000368		twitter		personal
we must defund obamacare . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		personal
rt @marcorubio : #superbowlxlviii winner will be #denverbroncos 24-21 . happy #superbowlsunday		national		partisan		G000562		twitter		personal
icymi : i spoke with @wolfblitzer tonight about the #sonyhack & north korea . <http>		national		neutral		S001150		twitter		information
today is the national day of prayer , i hope you will join today in lifting up our great nation in #prayer .		national		neutral		C001077		twitter		personal
glad @jerrybrowngov signed the anti-human trafficking sb955 into law . ca should lead the way--i applaud his decision . <http>		national		partisan		L000579		twitter		support
congrats @flysjc ! mineta sjc intl awarded another $ 2mil on top of the $ 3mil announced earlier for runway improvement <http>		national		neutral		L000397		twitter		support
thanks for organizing this diaper drive , @steph_desilva ! i would love to participate and support the @rifoodbank		national		neutral		L000559		twitter		personal
congratulations to eric liu for his nomination to the board of directors of the corporation for national and community service . i applaud the president for this nomination as eric is exactly the type of leader our country needs . eric is an influential & innovative thinker who brings with him years of experience in national and community service . i have no doubt that he will continue to serve our country well .		national		neutral		S000510		facebook		personal
just voted to clarify that the faa can #cutwastenotworkers		national		neutral		L000575		twitter		policy
about to talk with @wmalmornings @brianwilsondc @larryoconnor - tune in ! <http>		national		neutral		W000804		twitter		personal
reentering your home for the first time since the floods ? cdc has helpful information on how to do it safely .		national		neutral		G000562		facebook		personal
just a reminder that though the federal system still has a few problems , california's small business health care exchange will operate according to plan ! california hopes to insure employees in as many as 7,000 small businesses throughout the state , so be sure to read up on this improvement , if you own or work at a small business . <http>		constituency		neutral		C001097		facebook		policy
ribbon cutting to officially start the last great race		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		personal
i wonder how often the pentagon misplaces a marine col on active duty ? #benghazi <http>		national		neutral		C001076		twitter		policy
i had a great time last night playing in the congressional baseball game for charity . i ‰ űşm in the upper right corner with my homestead grays uniform on , in tribute to judy johnson . our team won 22-0 . more importantly , we raised over $ 300,000 for local dc charities .		national		neutral		C001083		facebook		support
the senate " gang of 8 " immigration amnesty bill had input from mexico , but our law enforcement community was shut out . does that make sense ? <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		policy
we have a lot going on today - - after msnbc , we had a press conference at the alameda county community food bank to discuss these unconscionable cuts . the weekend was particularly hard for the #snapchallenge : where can you meet with friends and family that doesn't center around food ? certainly hard to find !		national		partisan		L000551		facebook		information
the labor force participation rate dropped to 63.2 % , a low not seen since jimmy carter was president .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		personal
take a look at a recent article in the corydon democrat about my visit to harrison county community foundation , where i had the opportunity to speak about the importance of a balanced budget proposal . <http>		national		neutral		Y000064		facebook		media
rt if you agree : " if we keep chasing higher spending w / higher taxes , we'll sacrifice growth . " - chairman @reppaulryan in today's hearing #gop		national		neutral		R000597		twitter		support
we're urging pres obama to help #savesaeed <http> <http> @congressmangt @congculberson		national		partisan		P000606		twitter		support
icymi : the senate passed the veteran ‰ űşs access to care through choice , accountability and transparency act with my support and an overwhelming bipartisan majority . among other things , the legislation expands veterans ‰ űş access to care by allowing those faced with lengthy wait times to seek private medical care outside of the u . s . department of veterans affairs ( va ) system . when called upon to serve , our nation ‰ űşs veterans bravely did so without hesitation or delay . in return , they should not be forced to wait inordinate amounts of time for quality medical treatment . in addition to establishing more permanent fixes to begin addressing the widespread failures within the agency , this measure is particularly beneficial to rural idahoans , allowing veterans living more than 40 miles away from a va facility to seek private health services . to read my full statement and to learn more about the bill , click here : <http>		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		support
the obama administration continues to dramatically downgrade its forecasts for obamacare enrollment . circling the toilet ? <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
i took to the house floor last night to urge house republicans to work with democrats to pass a much-needed extension on emergency unemployment insurance benefits . watch below .		national		neutral		B001251		facebook		policy
we need to work with the corps of engineers to get quality work done in a timely manner . lets get these projects moving . #waterresource		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		policy
thanks to @womenunitedfor i was proud to be at your forum on gun violence prevention . we cannot afford to be silent . #wu4		national		neutral		F000455		facebook		support
had a great meeting with county judge alvin black of montgomery county . thanks for stopping in my office today !		national		neutral		C001095		facebook		support
the 20th is western caucus day . proud to lead a caucus that's been fighting for the #west for 20 years ! follow them @westerncaucus .		national		neutral		P000588		twitter		personal
" no one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin , or his background , or his religion . people must learn to hate , and if they can learn to hate , they can be taught to love , for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite . " - nelson mandela		national		neutral		B001286		facebook		support
payne celebrates 50th anniv of civil rights act , says best way to celebrate is by congress passing updated #vra4today <http>		national		neutral		P000604		twitter		information
congratulations to jimeca lawrence of the fort valley state university on being selected as one of 30 student winners of the u . s . department of agriculture's 2014 #agricultural outlook forum student #diversity program !		national		neutral		B000490		facebook		personal
with only hours away from a #gopshutdown , the republicans ‰ űş dysfunction and refusal to back-off their extreme , ideological demands is taking our country down a dangerous partisan path that will hurt our economy , threaten job creation , and leave families with less security , and our country with less certainty and stability .		national		partisan		P000034		facebook		policy
a few items on the house calendar this week : h . r . 3086 , the internet tax freedom act , h . r . 5016 , the financial services & general government appropriations act , and h . r . 4719 , the fighting hunger incentive act . you can always learn more about specific bills by visiting congress.gov .		national		partisan		W000816		facebook		information
today i visited bernalillo high school to mark the beginning of gear up week and talk with students about the importance of pursuing a higher education . i met with some great students and thank them for inviting me to visit with them .		national		neutral		L000570		facebook		other
today , the world lost a poet , a leader , and a timeless icon . rip maya angelou . <http>		national		neutral		L000579		twitter		support
kicking off #actsofkindness by reading to kids @ ywca in new britain #honorwithaction <http>		constituency		neutral		E000293		twitter		personal
my november blog posts include an exciting development for rhode island veterans thanks to operation stand down , and a tour of the renovated warm center . both of these westerly projects are doing great things for the community and helping to end homelessness in our state .		constituency		neutral		L000559		facebook		policy
it was great meeting with bobcat ceo , richard goldsbury today .		national		neutral		C001096		facebook		personal
time change : we've had to shift around the schedule for our tax season office hours next tuesday , 3/26 . new details : 3:00- 4:30 pm congressman kennedy ‰ űşs fall river office city hall , room 318 1 government center fall river , ma 5:15 pm -6:45 pm taunton senior center / council on aging 30 olney st . taunton , ma		constituency		neutral		K000379		facebook		information
great ... mt @djheakin : president's budget says reforms to medicare will extend solvency for 4 yrs . assuming that's true , insolvency = 2028 .		national		partisan		R000586		twitter		policy
president john f . kennedy signed the equal pay act into law 50 years ago today . unfortunately , our fight for equal pay for equal work is not yet complete . women still earn just 77 cents for every dollar earned by men . on this important anniversary , let us all recommit to work together until we have achieved an america where women are truly paid equal pay for equal work .		national		partisan		W000187		facebook		personal
next week's congressional recess should be cancelled if unemployment benefits are not renewed . people can ‰ űşt wait any longer !		national		partisan		M001188		facebook		policy
partner with me . rt @trademeansjobs : . @repboustany on #tpa4usjobs " it is my top priority in the us congress . " . @uschamber . @chamberglobal		national		neutral		B001255		twitter		policy
@spacekscblog @housescience appreciate u taking the time to reaffirm that i am taking the right stand.sometimes it gets a little lonely .		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		policy
great roundtable on #gunviolence in #ri today . mayors , mothers , police all came together to discuss solutions w / us : <http>		national		neutral		W000802		twitter		support
gilmer county celebrates its 268th birthday this week ! it was formed on february 3 , 1845 , from kanawha and lewis counties . it was named after virginia gov . thomas w . gilmer . in 1885 a citizen of gilmer co . wrote the song ‰ űďthe west virginia hills ‰ űť , our state song . that was ellen r . king . happy birthday gilmer county !		constituency		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
carl congratulates rep . john dingell , a " most remarkable man . " <http>		national		neutral		L000261		twitter		support
@senatorisakson we've done our part in the house . #ga09 is with you when you #standuptoreid ; pass the cr to #defundobamacare . #senatemustact		national		neutral		C001093		twitter		support
to receive news and updates sign up for my newsletter richmond.house.gov/contact-me/newsletter		national		neutral		R000588		facebook		personal
show-off your dog @ brickell pooch parade sat oct 25 @ 10:30 am ! thx 2 @bhamiami @marybrklvillage @downtowning <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
join me , @senwarren @mayortommenino & rep capuano at faneuil hall #boston today at 11am . #demandaction @nomorenames <http>		constituency		neutral		M000133		twitter		personal
a must read op-ed by @repgoodlatte in @thehill today ‰ ő make internet access tax ban permanent <http> #pitfa		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		policy
occupational health nurse ‰ űň the department of the navy , naval medical command is accepting applications for an occupational health nurse in guam . duties include performing patient care activities , supervising physical examination procedures , and providing individual health care education and counseling . closing date is august 5 , 2013 . for more information , go to <http> .		constituency		neutral		S001177		facebook		constituency
on tuesday , i was honored to be a waiter for the annual " public servants serving for life dinner . " the dinner recognized the pregnancy and parenting support center , which serves young children and new mothers throughout all of galveston county .		national		partisan		W000814		facebook		support
spoke out against chained cpi at yesterday's u . s . capitol press conference . watch : <http> #socialsecurity		national		partisan		L000579		twitter		policy
my staff enjoyed spending some time at bert driskell's farm in grand bay last week to learn more about his farming operation . i am always aware of the unique challenges our farmers face and the growing burden the federal government puts on our family farms .		constituency		neutral		B001289		facebook		personal
it was a pleasure to welcome shannon stacy and her son ashton to washington . i was glad they stopped by my office to say hello before they headed over to the house gallery to watch members of the house vote .		constituency		neutral		W000806		facebook		personal
packed house at chase field for #dbacks opening day !		constituency		neutral		M000303		twitter		information
best national championship game i have ever seen , no matter who wins .		national		neutral		P000588		twitter		personal
a sure sign that summer is just around the corner ! - " mount washington makes its first cruise of the season " <http>		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		policy
happy to be participating in 2013 #coffeewithcongress series hosted by @smartnonprofits & @unitedwaytc <http>		constituency		neutral		M001143		twitter		personal
here's my interview with @michellefields on expanding education opportunity through #schoolchoice <http> #pjnet		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		media
paul ryan explains his " fiscal cliff " vote		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		personal
the farm bill is one of the most important bills congress passes , with the need to balance the interests of america ‰ űşs tremendous agricultural industry . our bill will ensure that americans continue to enjoy the most diverse , affordable and high quality food , fuel and fiber products in the world . it ‰ űşs is a win for the nation ‰ űşs agricultural producers , who now have the certainty to plan for the future , a win for the 16 million people working in the industry and a big win for american consumers .		national		partisan		H001061		facebook		policy
let ‰ űşs thank our #veterans 4 their service + sacrifice ! ceremony , parade + picnic tue nov 11 @ 11am <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
i visited afghanistan over mother's day weekend to meet with our military men and women in combat . i also had the chance to visit with afghanistan military leaders to check the status of their operations .		national		neutral		R000591		facebook		personal
today , i convened a meeting of local area hospital chief medical officers to discuss their preparedness for public health emergencies , including ebola . every link in the chain from the local hospital to the state and federal government must be able to bear the weight of a public health crisis . i heard about the work that is already taking place at hospitals in our community and discussed their needs today . i have fought to increase resources for the response to the ebola outbreak , which must be stopped at its source in west africa , and ‰ űň ahead of any congressional action - i will continue to coordinate with local leaders to protect the health of our communities .		national		neutral		L000480		facebook		support
parents want to know their kids are in a safe place w / qualified providers . ccdbg is essential 4 #childcareprotection <http>		national		partisan		B001135		twitter		attack
will be speaking at approx . 10:30 am mt supporting @repbilljohnson & hr 2824 to protect coal jobs & production in usa <http>		national		neutral		L000564		twitter		media
now wearing " the @ups browns " and ready to hand-deliver packages to the good people of #mn08 ! <http>		national		neutral		N000127		twitter		personal
rep . reichert toured invenergy wind farm yesterday in vantage , wa . it ‰ űşs great to see such innovation in washington state !		constituency		neutral		R000578		facebook		support
enjoyed discussing important issues like the older americans act with seniors at parkway center in utica . #ny22 <http>		constituency		neutral		H001051		twitter		information
. @deptvetaffairs employes cut and pasted notes on 1241 patient records . how can this person still be employed ? #reformnow		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		information
chairman mccaul : in my judgment it has all the hallmarks of an act of terrorism , we just don't know who's behind it .		national		partisan		M001157		twitter		policy
‰ űďppl of faith shouldn ‰ űşt have their govt tell them how to practice their religion ‰ ű_ #obamacare was an historic mistake ‰ űť <http>		national		partisan		A000360		twitter		policy
spoke today to #usda forest service #usfs personnel from all over the country re : #forestry policy as chair of #agriculture cef subcommittee		national		neutral		T000467		twitter		support
we shall pray ! ‰ űď @antunezcuba : 8: 27 pm , info damaris desde el hospital q luis enrique estěá presentando fuertes dolores precordiales . #cuba ‰ űť		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		personal
as older americans month comes to a close , learn more about senior scams , fraud and abuse . - <http> #oam2014chat		national		partisan		C001070		twitter		personal
i agree with president obama ‰ űşs call for investing in job creation and economic growth . we need to get deficits under control , but we ‰ űşre more likely to do that with investments in our economy than with misguided austerity measures like sequestration and other deep cuts . we also need to adopt common-sense gun safety measures like those the president has proposed and i have supported for years .		national		neutral		D000482		facebook		support
awesome turnout ( inc mr . potato head ) for launch of ct food bank grow mobile food bank in #newhaven .		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		personal
happy birthday to @waysandmeansgop chairman @repdavecamp ! and don't forget to follow @simplertaxes for the latest on #taxreform		national		neutral		M001158		twitter		support
the president's plan to deal with his self-made border crisis is smoke and mirrors . if president obama really wants to fix this problem , he should implement real solutions , such as enforcing our immigration laws and reversing his policies that created this mess in the first place .		national		partisan		G000289		facebook		policy
plan a trip to boyd hill nature preserve & lake maggiore in s @stpetefl - thanks @stpetefl parks & rec ! @stevekornell <http>		national		neutral		C001066		twitter		support
obama admin says ‰ űďno rush to decide on #keystone xl pipeline ‰ űť <http> really ? many jobs depend on it		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		support
happening today . watch oversight hearing live at 9:30 am et :		national		neutral		G000566		facebook		policy
today i teamed up with @charactersunite to help raise awareness on the issue of bullying <http>		national		neutral		R000594		twitter		information
a #gopshutdown will mean the @sbagov will stop processing loans to american #smallbusinesses . #enoughalready !		national		neutral		H001063		twitter		information
. @washtimes " #forthood shooting victims will soon be eligible to receive purple heart " <http>		national		partisan		C001051		twitter		personal
congratulations to himanvi kopuri of denver & eva kitlen of niwot on advancing all the way to the semifinals at the 86th scripps national spelling bee . all of your hard work has made colorado proud !		national		neutral		D000197		facebook		personal
yes ! shout for edgewater park twp mt @adrianabellini8 i'm from a small town called edgewater park twp . in burlington . #sundayjerseyshoutout		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
every time i have an opportunity to cut washington spending , i ‰ űşm going to do it . that is why today i voted to pass the ‰ űďbipartisan budget act of 2013 ‰ űť ‰ űň legislation that will reduce the deficit by $ 23 billion , stop congressional democrats ‰ űş proposed tax hikes , and prevent devastating cuts to the military in president obama ‰ űşs sequester . this legislation wasn ‰ űşt perfect , but it was a small step in the right direction . read my full statement here : <http>		national		partisan		B001273		facebook		policy
great turnout at last night's nuns on the bus event . the nuns have been traveling the country to promote comprehensive immigration reform . the time is now to fix our broken immigration system .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		policy
@indians home opener today - what's everyone doing for the game ?		constituency		neutral		J000295		twitter		personal
as part of the black april commemorations , i attended the unveiling of the wall of remembrance and the hanging of the u . s . and vietnamese freedom and heritage flags in little saigon . black april commemorates the fall of saigon in april 1975 . the " wall of remembrance ‰ űť serves as a reminder to all of us of the heavy price that both vietnamese and americans , along with our allies , have paid in the name of freedom . it also highlights the traumatic experience and the resiliency of the vietnamese people for justice and liberty , as well as the ongoing struggle of vietnamese communities around the world for freedom and human rights in vietnam . the ‰ űďwall of remembrance ‰ űť is a public display of images and photographs showing the atrocities committed by the communist government of vietnam , the refugee experience of boat people , the retaliation and ‰ űďre-education ‰ űť camps after the war , and the ongoing struggle and activities of vietnamese community overseas . it is great to see the vietnamese freedom and heritage flag , a symbol of freedom flying again in vietnamese communities throughout the world .		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		media
i enjoyed attending lulac . ' s actober advocacy day this afternoon to discuss issues of importance to the latino community , including health care , education , and immigration reform .		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		support
great to have @spotify available in the capitol again ! #letthemusicflow		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		personal
next wk @barackobama give 6th #sotu . i want to know what you think . tweet me your ? s using #nc09sotu <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		mobilization
click the link below to listen to the conversation that cathy mcmorris rodgers and i had with lars larson today . <http>		national		neutral		W000791		facebook		support
rt . @nolabelsorg 10 days until the #problemsolvers ' big announcement on july 18 ! are you ready ? #fixnotfight		national		neutral		M001191		twitter		information
today is #gopurpleday . we worked to reauthorize #vawa to protect az women and their families from domestic violence .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
i am proud to represent a portion of the great smoky mountains national park which is the most visited national park in the country . i am pleased to hear that the park will be honored in the new quarter series by the u . s . mint ...		national		neutral		D000533		facebook		personal
today marks 50th anniversary of mlk ‰ űşs ‰ űďi have a dream . ‰ űť mlk visited sioux falls in ' 61 . his interview w / @keloland : <http>		national		neutral		T000250		twitter		information
progress , but still not fixed --> new data show long wait times remain at many va hospitals <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
at a time when the economy is struggling , we need to alleviate the financial burden that heightened flood insurance rates are imposing on homeowners in eastern north carolina and across the country . to read more about my efforts to mitigate the effects of these increased rates , click here : <http>		constituency		partisan		J000255		facebook		information
good luck to all california players in tonights n		national		neutral		C001097		twitter		personal
will we hear more empty promises tonight ? like and share this video from house republicans !		national		neutral		B000213		facebook		information
entrepreneurial ventures and small business are the backbone of the american economy , not only across missouri ‰ űşs eighth district but throughout our entire country . in fact , small businesses are responsible for 57 % of the private sector workforce in the united states . i hope you will join me on november 30th , small business saturday , to show support for locally owned businesses and the families who make them run .		national		neutral		S001195		facebook		policy
delaney op-ed in washington post : debt prioritization not rooted in financial reality , bad for nation ‰ űşs standing <http>		national		neutral		D000620		twitter		other
today , i met with seiu united service workers west president mike garcia and representatives of the la coalition for immigration reform . i stand more committed than ever to fight to make sure we achieve meaningful , comprehensive immigration reform .		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		personal
r u in town 4 #inaugurationweekend ? come visit our dc office 2morrow frm 10 to 2 or monday frm 8 to 4 we'll have cafe ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		media
photo : great to have @americancancer join @sentedcruz and i for texas tuesday coffee this morning : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001056		twitter		personal
at india st free clinic . it's their 20th year of delivering quality health care to those in need . #mepolitics <http>		constituency		neutral		P000597		twitter		policy
as we await the president's speech tonight with regard to executive amnesty , i thought it would be useful to read a bit of what he has said in the past on the subject . toward that end , the speaker's office circulated the list below , and i thought you might find it of interest : ‰ űďi take the constitution very seriously . the biggest problems that we ‰ űşre facing right now have to do with [ the president ] trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through congress at all . and that ‰ űşs what i intend to reverse when i ‰ űşm president of the united states of america . ‰ űť ( 3/31 / 08 ) ‰ űďwe ‰ űşve got a government designed by the founders so that there ‰ űşd be checks and balances . you don ‰ űşt want a president who ‰ űşs too powerful or a congress that ‰ űşs too powerful or a court that ‰ űşs too powerful . everybody ‰ űşs got their own role . congress ‰ űşs job is to pass legislation . the president can veto it or he can sign it . ‰ ű_ i believe in the constitution and i will obey the constitution of the united states . we're not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end-run around congress . ‰ űť ( 5/19 / 08 ) ‰ űďcomprehensive reform , that's how we're going to solve this problem . ‰ ű_ anybody who tells you it's going to be easy or that i can wave a magic wand and make it happen hasn't been paying attention to how this town works . ‰ űť ( 5/5 / 10 ) ‰ űď [ t ] here are those in the immigrants ‰ űş rights community who have argued passionately that we should simply provide those who are [ here ] illegally with legal status , or at least ignore the laws on the books and put an end to deportation until we have better laws . ... i believe such an indiscriminate approach would be both unwise and unfair . it would suggest to those thinking about coming here illegally that there will be no repercussions for such a decision . and this could lead to a surge in more illegal immigration . and it would also ignore the millions of people around the world who are waiting in line to come here legally . ultimately , our nation , like all nations , has the right and obligation to control its borders and set laws for residency and citizenship . and no matter how decent they are , no matter their reasons , the 11 million who broke these laws should be held accountable . ‰ űť ( 7/1 / 10 ) ‰ űďi do have an obligation to make sure that i am following some of the rules . i can't simply ignore laws that are out there . i've got to work to make sure that they are changed . ‰ űť ( 10/14 / 10 ) ‰ űďi am president , i am not king . i can't do these things just by myself . we have a system of government that requires the congress to work with the executive branch to make it happen . i'm committed to making it happen , but i've got to have some partners to do it . ‰ ű_ the main thing we have to do to stop deportations is to change the laws . ‰ ű_ [ t ] he most important thing that we can do is to change the law because the way the system works ‰ űň again , i just want to repeat , i'm president , i'm not king . if congress has laws on the books that says that people who are here who are not documented have to be deported , then i can exercise some flexibility in terms of where we deploy our resources , to focus on people who are really causing problems as a opposed to families who are just trying to work and support themselves . but there's a limit to the discretion that i can show because i am obliged to execute the law . that's what the executive branch means . i can't just make the laws up by myself . so the most important thing that we can do is focus on changing the underlying laws . ‰ űť ( 10/25 / 10 ) ‰ űďamerica is a nation of laws , which means i , as the president , am obligated to enforce the law . i don't have a choice about that . that's part of my job . but i can advocate for changes in the law so that we have a country that is both respectful of the law but also continues to be a great nation of immigrants . ‰ ű_ with respect to the notion that i can just suspend deportations through executive order , that ‰ űşs just not the case , because there are laws on the books that congress has passed ‰ ű_ . [ w ] e ‰ űşve got three branches of government . congress passes the law . the executive branch ‰ űşs job is to enforce and implement those laws . and then the judiciary has to interpret the laws . there are enough laws on the books by congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as president . ‰ űť ( 3/28 / 11 ) ‰ űďi can't solve this problem by myself . ‰ ű_ [ w ] e're going to have to have bipartisan support in order to make it happen . ‰ ű_ i can't do it by myself . we're going to have to change the laws in congress , but i'm confident we can make it happen . ‰ űť ( 4/20 / 11 ) ‰ űďi know some here wish that i could just bypass congress and change the law myself . but that ‰ űşs not how democracy works . see , democracy is hard . but it ‰ űşs right . changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes , one by one . ‰ űť ( 4/29 / 11 ) ‰ űďsometimes when i talk to immigration advocates , they wish i could just bypass congress and change the law myself . but that ‰ űşs not how a democracy works . what we really need to do is to keep up the fight to pass genuine , comprehensive reform . that is the ultimate solution to this problem . that's what i ‰ űşm committed to doing . ‰ űť ( 5/10 / 11 ) ‰ űďi swore an oath to uphold the laws on the books ‰ ű_ . now , i know some people want me to bypass congress and change the laws on my own . believe me , the idea of doing things on my own is very tempting . i promise you . not just on immigration reform . but that's not how our system works . that ‰ űşs not how our democracy functions . that's not how our constitution is written . ‰ űť ( 7/25 / 11 ) ‰ űďso what we ‰ űşve tried to do is within the constraints of the laws on the books , we ‰ űşve tried to be as fair , humane , just as we can , recognizing , though , that the laws themselves need to be changed . ‰ ű_ the most important thing for your viewers and listeners and readers to understand is that in order to change our laws , we ‰ űşve got to get it through the house of representatives , which is currently controlled by republicans , and we ‰ űşve got to get 60 votes in the senate . ‰ ű_ administratively , we can't ignore the law . ‰ ű_ i just have to continue to say this notion that somehow i can just change the laws unilaterally is just not true . we are doing everything we can administratively . but the fact of the matter is there are laws on the books that i have to enforce . and i think there ‰ űşs been a great disservice done to the cause of getting the dream act passed and getting comprehensive immigration passed by perpetrating the notion that somehow , by myself , i can go and do these things . it ‰ űşs just not true . ‰ ű_ we live in a democracy . you have to pass bills through the legislature , and then i can sign it . and if all the attention is focused away from the legislative process , then that is going to lead to a constant dead-end . we have to recognize how the system works , and then apply pressure to those places where votes can be gotten and , ultimately , we can get this thing solved . ‰ űť ( 9/28 / 11 ) in june 2012 , president obama unilaterally granted deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) , allowing ‰ űďeligible individuals who do not present a risk to national security or public safety ‰ ű_ to request temporary relief from deportation proceedings and apply for work authorization . ‰ űť he then argued that he had already done everything he could legally do on his own : ‰ űďnow , what i ‰ űşve always said is , as the head of the executive branch , there ‰ űşs a limit to what i can do . part of the reason that deportations went up was congress put a whole lot of money into it , and when you have a lot of resources and a lot more agents involved , then there are going to be higher numbers . what we ‰ űşve said is , let ‰ űşs make sure that you ‰ űşre not misdirecting those resources . but we ‰ űşre still going to , ultimately , have to change the laws in order to avoid some of the heartbreaking stories that you see coming up occasionally . and that ‰ űşs why this continues to be a top priority of mine . ‰ ű_ and we will continue to make sure that how we enforce is done as fairly and justly as possible . but until we have a law in place that provides a pathway for legalization and / or citizenship for the folks in question , we ‰ űşre going to continue to be bound by the law . ‰ ű_ and so part of the challenge as president is constantly saying , ‰ ű ÷ what authorities do i have ? ‰ űş ‰ űť ( 9/20 / 12 ) ‰ űďwe are a nation of immigrants . ‰ ű_ but we're also a nation of laws . so what i've said is , we need to fix a broken immigration system . and i've done everything that i can on my own [ . ] ‰ űť ( 10/16 / 12 ) ‰ űďi'm not a king . i am the head of the executive branch of government . i'm required to follow the law . and that's what we've done . but what i've also said is , let's make sure that we're applying the law in a way that takes into account people's humanity . that's the reason that we moved forward on deferred action . within the confines of the law we said , we have some discretion in terms of how we apply this law . ‰ űť ( 1/30 / 13 ) ‰ űďi ‰ űşm not a king . you know , my job as the head of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law . and , you know , when it comes to enforcement of our immigration laws , we ‰ űşve got some discretion . we can prioritize what we do . but we can ‰ űşt simply ignore the law . when it comes to the dreamers , we were able to identify that group and say , ‰ ű ÷ these folks are generally not a risk . they ‰ űşre not involved in crime . ‰ ű_ and so let ‰ űşs prioritize our enforcement resources . ‰ űş but to sort through all the possible cases of everybody who might have a sympathetic story to tell is very difficult to do . this is why we need comprehensive immigration reform . to make sure that once and for all , in a way that is , you know , ratified by congress , we can say that there is a pathway to citizenship for people who are staying out of trouble , who are trying to do the right thing , who ‰ űşve put down roots here . ‰ ű_ my job is to carry out the law . and so congress gives us a whole bunch of resources . they give us an order that we ‰ űşve got to go out there and enforce the laws that are on the books . ‰ ű_ if this was an issue that i could do unilaterally i would have done it a long time ago . ‰ ű_ the way our system works is congress has to pass legislation . i then get an opportunity to sign it and implement it . ‰ űť ( 1/30 / 13 ) ‰ űďthis is something i ‰ űşve struggled with throughout my presidency . the problem is that i ‰ űşm the president of the united states , i ‰ űşm not the emperor of the united states . my job is to execute laws that are passed . and congress right now has not changed what i consider to be a broken immigration system . and what that means is that we have certain obligations to enforce the laws that are in place even if we think that in many cases the results may be tragic . ‰ űť ( 2/14 / 13 ) ‰ űďi think that it is very important for us to recognize that the way to solve this problem has to be legislative . i can do some things and have done some things that make a difference in the lives of people by determining how our enforcement should focus . ‰ ű_ and we ‰ űşve been able to provide help through deferred action for young people ‰ ű_ . but this is a problem that needs to be fixed legislatively . ‰ űť ( 7/16 / 13 ) ‰ űďmy job in the executive branch is supposed to be to carry out the laws that are passed . congress has said ‰ ű ÷ here is the law ‰ űş when it comes to those who are undocumented , and they've allocated a whole bunch of money for enforcement . and , what i have been able to do is to make a legal argument that i think is absolutely right , which is that given the resources that we have , we can't do everything that congress has asked us to do . what we can do is then carve out the dream act folks , saying young people who have basically grown up here are americans that we should welcome . ‰ ű_ but if we start broadening that , then essentially i would be ignoring the law in a way that i think would be very difficult to defend legally . so that's not an option . ‰ ű_ what i've said is there is a there's a path to get this done , and that's through congress . ‰ űť ( 9/17 / 13 ) ‰ űď [ i ] f , in fact , i could solve all these problems without passing laws in congress , then i would do so . but we ‰ űşre also a nation of laws . that ‰ űşs part of our tradition . and so the easy way out is to try to yell and pretend like i can do something by violating our laws . and what i ‰ űşm proposing is the harder path , which is to use our democratic processes to achieve the same goal that you want to achieve . ‰ ű_ it is not simply a matter of us just saying we ‰ űşre going to violate the law . that ‰ űşs not our tradition . the great thing about this country is we have this wonderful process of democracy , and sometimes it is messy , and sometimes it is hard , but ultimately , justice and truth win out . ‰ űť ( 11/25 / 13 ) ‰ űďi am the champion-in-chief of comprehensive immigration reform . but what i ‰ űşve said in the past remains true , which is until congress passes a new law , then i am constrained in terms of what i am able to do . what i ‰ űşve done is to use my prosecutorial discretion , because you can ‰ űşt enforce the laws across the board for 11 or 12 million people , there aren ‰ űşt the resources there . what we ‰ űşve said is focus on folks who are engaged in criminal activity , focus on people who are engaged in gang activity . do not focus on young people , who we ‰ űşre calling dreamers ‰ ű_ . that already stretched my administrative capacity very far . but i was confident that that was the right thing to do . but at a certain point the reason that these deportations are taking place is , congress said , ‰ ű ÷ you have to enforce these laws . ‰ űş they fund the hiring of officials at the department that ‰ űşs charged with enforcing . and i cannot ignore those laws any more than i could ignore , you know , any of the other laws that are on the books . that ‰ űşs why it ‰ űşs so important for us to get comprehensive immigration reform done this year . ‰ űť ( 3/6 / 14 ) ‰ űďi think that i never have a green light [ to push the limits of executive power ] . i ‰ űşm bound by the constitution ; i ‰ űşm bound by separation of powers . there are some things we can ‰ űşt do . congress has the power of the purse , for example . ‰ ű_ congress has to pass a budget and authorize spending . so i don ‰ űşt have a green light . ‰ ű_ my preference in all these instances is to work with congress , because not only can congress do more , but it ‰ űşs going to be longer-lasting . ‰ űť (8 / 6/14 )		national		partisan		S000051		facebook		policy
great info from the robert wood johnson foundation on why we need to #saveschoollunch . check it out .		national		neutral		F000030		facebook		support
my pleasure ! ! ! @deciminyan		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
believe this cancer survivor - health care isn't simple . but republicans tell #obamacare stories in black and white . <http>		constituency		partisan		W000797		twitter		policy
israeli military captures #hamas manual explaining how civilian human shields can be used against #idf forces . <http>		national		partisan		S000937		twitter		policy
join me in cheering on the miami heat in game 2 of the eastern conference finals !		national		neutral		W000808		facebook		media
today , the u . s . department of veterans affairs and u . s . department of housing and urban development announced that they will provide housing for 9,000 currently homeless veterans . this is good news and more progress in the goal of completely ending homelessness among veterans , which has declined by 17 percent since 2009 . my office is committed to helping veterans get the support they have earned . if you or someone you know live in the district and need help obtaining your va benefits , please call my caseworkers at 530-753-5301		national		neutral		G000559		facebook		information
