smith : the president's policies should put americans first . are you ready for the sotu ?		national		neutral		S000583		facebook		information
reading from my personal copy of the 2,000 page obamacare bill - for a media interview this afternoon .		national		neutral		G000552		facebook		media
" i will sign a universal health care bill into law by the end of my first term as president that will cover every american and cut the cost of a typical family's premium by up to $ 2,500 a year . " - barack obama , june 23 , 2007		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		policy
en la toma de posesiě_n del alcalde isabelo " chabelo " molina - lo felicito por tu 5to tě © rmino @ vega alta - ěäxito ! '		national		neutral		P000596		facebook		media
our hanford / delano food drives went great this past weekend . thanks to @kingscommunity & @capkfoodbank for the help ! <http>		constituency		neutral		V000129		twitter		information
epa confirms it followed nearly all kentucky ‰ űşs recommendations in new climate change rules :		national		neutral		Y000062		facebook		policy
the inaction of congress is detrimental to working families , single mothers and our veterans who have sacrificed so much for this nation . after spending the night at a homeless shelter in my district , i called on my colleagues to take the homeless shelter challenge , to talk to their constituents who do not have a home , and meet the families we are failing by our inaction . thank you congressman jim mcgovern for taking that challenge !		national		neutral		S001175		facebook		support
final countdown : 12 days until the president's annual #budget & #tribeopener - hoping for good outcomes from both #oh16 <http>		national		neutral		R000586		twitter		policy
watch the @financialcmte hearing on the #fha live : <http>		national		neutral		W000796		twitter		media
the senate just passed the ndaa lands bill and sent it to the president to become law - it's a good early christmas present for the economy of the entire panhandle in alaska .		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		policy
i'll attend a town hall in ruidoso on thursday to discuss fires and forest management . this will be open to the public , but please rsvp . more info below :		constituency		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
thanks to everyone who attended the 2014 ag briefing at @nwtc today ! #wi08 <http>		national		neutral		R000587		twitter		personal
during the #bamericafpi trip , we visited the 9/11 memorial to remember all those who were lost on that tragic day . <http>		national		neutral		D000600		twitter		personal
at the #lrafb community council meeting . #ar2 <http>		constituency		neutral		G000567		twitter		personal
back at work in dc . just met with matt brown from danville and prairie health systems on drug courts <http>		constituency		neutral		S000364		twitter		mobilization
kelley cummins from college station , tx .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		personal
we pause and recall the events and sacrifice of september 11th , 2001 . to all those who lost their lives on that fateful day in new york , at the pentagon , and on flight 93 , your loss is etched on our memories and our hearts . to the bold and tireless first responders who gave all on that day , and in the days that followed , know that your passing left a shining example of courage and sacrifice in the face of terror and darkness . as we again face looming dangers on the horizon , the example set on september 11th by our fellow americans is one we should look to again : american strength , sacrifice , endurance and compassion stood strong the face of evil . it should be a reminder that we are a resilient nation , and those who seek to rule by repression , fear , violence , and extremism will never overcome the exceptional character and will of the american people .		national		neutral		R000585		facebook		personal
please join me today in remembering our fallen heroes and honoring the men and women currently in military service for their sacrifices .		national		neutral		S001180		twitter		support
#fha added to gao list of " high risk " govt programs : <http>		national		neutral		H001036		twitter		information
@alyssa3467 @marble300 @gop get over it . the voters gave 1/2 of fed legislative authority to gop . prez can't dictate & senate must negotiate		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		attack
here's the standard speaker's coverage of the homecoming of the hazleton area high school marching band , after their appearance in the national memorial day parade in washington , dc . so proud of these young people from my hometown .		national		neutral		B001269		facebook		information
mcconnell supports bill to protect corrections officers at prisons in manchester , pine knot , ashland , inez & lex <http>		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		support
today sen . feinstein , rep . lois capps and i introduced the pause for safety act to help families stop gun violence . we owe it to the victims of gun violence in isla vista and elsewhere to take action to prevent more tragedies .		national		neutral		B000711		facebook		support
honored to receive world boxing council green belt & join these mental health champions in the fight against stigma ! <http>		national		partisan		N000179		twitter		attack
day 30 : it may be the last day of the #samfarrchallenge but for me it's the beginning of a healthier year . why not extend it to the end of the year ? the walking was a wonderful challenge . most days i made it 7,000 steps or more . some days way over , while others as low as 4,000 but it has made a difference . hardest part for me was the bed time snacks and of course the ice cream . i can't completely give it up but i can limit the amount . i found alcohol wasn't a problem though occasionally hard during a late dinner with friends . i limited it to 1 or 2 glasses of red wine and then rest of the evening drank water . i found my weight fluctuated during the challenge . i lost some and gained back some over the past few weeks . thankfully , overall it was a net loss . i am now going to try and lose 25 more lbs over the year . thank you for all the kind notes during the challenge . they really helped keep going on the first lap . of course i want to thank mary for inspiring me to do this challenge . her helpful hints made us all better informed about the consequences of the food we eat . finally , congratulations to everyone who completed the challenge . it was a lot of fun doing this as a group and i hope you all feel healthier . if you are able to make it to one of my town halls , i would love to hear your success stories or feel free to share them here .		national		neutral		F000030		facebook		support
i've said for weeks we'll vote at 11:59 pm tonight - we're ready if the senate will do their work - funny how media has details we don't ?		national		neutral		L000576		twitter		policy
i was thrilled and honored to speak at the education panel for the national action network's 1st ‰ ű_ <http>		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		personal
rt @bostondotcom : senator ed markey : amazon drones need rules <http> #mapoli #masen		national		partisan		M000133		twitter		policy
joining @garrisonradio on @93wibc at 9:05 a . m . tune in : <http>		constituency		neutral		C000542		twitter		media
tune in to fox news tomorrow morning at 6:20 am ( az ) to watch me discuss a new bill i co-sponsored , the snap verify act of 2014 , which would prevent waste and fraud in the supplemental nutrition assistance program ( snap ) .		national		partisan		G000565		facebook		policy
#obamacare : working the way it's supposed to ? <http> #trainwreck		national		partisan		S001195		twitter		policy
right now we have more than 218 bipartisan votes for comprehensive immigration reform - - a majority in the house of representatives . it could pass today ‰ űóif only speaker boehner would let us take a vote . let ‰ űşs get it done .		national		partisan		H001068		facebook		policy
story of hope , faith + goodness in people " @aldotcom : " give her courage . " prayer from #duckdynasty cast in fairhope <http> "		national		neutral		A000055		twitter		personal
i posted 5 photos on facebook in the album " " <http>		national		neutral		P000593		twitter		support
tomorrow the house will consider a package of legislation to help bring us closer to ending the human trafficking epidemic in our community and abroad . to learn more , click below .		national		neutral		W000798		facebook		policy
opening statement during the house foreign affairs committee's ongoing hearing on benghazi		national		partisan		E000179		facebook		support
rep . charlie rangel and i recently introduced the veterans e-health & telemedicine support act of 2013 , or vets act , a bipartisan bill to expand health care options for veterans and expand the use of telemedicine at the u . s . department of veterans affairs . we wrote the following article which appeared in local pennsylvania newspapers on memorial day and in the stars and stripes newspaper earlier today . ‰ űďone amazing attribute shared by the men and women who serve our nation in uniform , is not just their willingness to serve , but their commitment to the safety and protection of their fellow comrades . ‰ űďon this memorial day , let us honor the tremendous sacrifice of our nation ‰ űşs fallen heroes while flags are at half-staff , and when flags return to full-staff , let us end the sacrifices our surviving veterans endure by renewing our commitment to their physical health and mental well-being ‰ ű_ ‰ űť click below to view the full article .		national		neutral		T000467		facebook		policy
new : congress at your corner this saturday at franklin library . hope to see you ! details : <http> <http>		constituency		neutral		B001287		twitter		media
you can order flags to be flown over the u . s . capitol to honor #az09 vets and recognize special occasions . order yours :		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		support
my office is here to serve you . for a list of constituent services that we can help you with , click here <http> .		constituency		neutral		C001092		facebook		information
wishing nelson mandela health on his 95th birthday . his work reminds us of the importance of supporting equal opportunities , encouraging each other to live in harmony , and protecting our freedoms . may he be an inspiration to all leaders .		national		partisan		J000290		facebook		policy
the house gop has introduced a bill to avoid a gov't shutdown on march 27th + prioritize dod and veterans programs <http>		national		partisan		C000059		twitter		mobilization
house just voted to delay #obamacare mandate tax for the rest of the year .		national		neutral		S001187		twitter		policy
i'm so glad i had a chance to visit with these ladies from nj - 05 last week . it was great to talk with them about the faith-based initiatives they are working on with the united methodist church in our community , across our state , and across the world .		constituency		neutral		G000548		facebook		constituency
i talked with @mitchellreports this afternoon about president obama ‰ űşs plan to confront isil . watch here : <http>		national		partisan		F000062		twitter		media
@chrisbob performs financial assmt of borrowers for loan approval and suitability to protect seniors from loans not fit for them ( 1/4 )		national		partisan		F000451		twitter		attack
@ziayusuf great to meet you too . enjoyed our discussion .		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		support
us congressman brings government lesson into mount prospect classrooms <http>		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		support
planning a trip to washington , d . c . ? let my office help . visit the tour section of my website for useful information about the many tours my office can assist in scheduling on your behalf , as well as helpful information about additional sites and attractions throughout the d . c . area .		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		policy
" praising my way through " thanks to . chorus @ christian faith assembly church in charlotte .. about to speak .. <http>		constituency		partisan		P000606		twitter		personal
sen . mcconnell on meet the press on #obamacare : ‰ űďthe president himself seems to not think parts of the law ought to be implemented "		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		policy
as obama talked abt infrastructure projects , i heard a firsthand account of how delay of #keystone negatively impacted business . #time2build		national		partisan		J000290		twitter		policy
rt @stjudegovoffice : @marshablackburn thanks for all your support for alyssa and the other patients at st jude #fad13 #chgme <http>		national		neutral		B001243		twitter		personal
unfortunately , due to the absence of a congressional agreement on appropriations for fiscal year 2014 , my senate office is unable to maintain normal operations . if you have an emergency involving federal benefits , such as those provided by the veterans administration or social security , please email our office at casework@casey.senate.gov . if you would like to share information about how the federal government shutdown has impacted you , please email shutdown@casey.senate.gov . i am sorry for any inconvenience this unfortunate situation may cause you . my staff and i look forward to continuing the excellent constituent service you expect when the federal government is fully funded .		constituency		partisan		C001070		facebook		policy
in commemorating this longest day of war on june 6 , 1944 , we observed a day full of gratitude to those who sacrificed and those who bear witness today to say thank you . by all historical accounts this was the day that saved the world from tyranny . it was an overwhelming honor to meet with many veterans , including my friend jack port recently featured as one of san diego's attending heroes . what was so impressive in meeting these veterans as they have reached or are approaching their nineties , is to acknowledge that many were not even in their twenties on that epoch day . i will never forget how much i learned and the emotions i felt . i wish i could have shared it with my dad who served as a medic throughout the war but like so many of his compatriots moved on with his life and did not speak about his experience . during his remarks , president hollande of france quoted president eisenhower : americans were not sure what they were fighting for in europe , but in liberating the concentration camps they knew what they were fighting against .		national		neutral		D000598		facebook		personal
we lost a brave soul this past weekend . thank you col . ' bud ' day for a lifetime of bravery & service to our country . <http>		national		neutral		N000032		twitter		personal
happy 70th birthday to the uss iowa ! we are so happy to have this piece of our nation's history in san pedro .		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		personal
la lucha por una #cuba libre no descansa c / @mariodb @lincolndbalart @cubasindicatos <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		personal
now : sen . collins at @senateapprops hearing on president's supplemental request for unaccompanied children : <http>		national		neutral		C001035		twitter		information
thx 4 your ? ? s ! @federalreserve chair #yellen's inaugural @financialcmte appearance #myview #dayinthelife <http>		constituency		neutral		D000614		twitter		support
. @mariodb y yo le dijimos a @micheljmartelly que #haiti tiene que apoyar #libertad en #cuba y #venezuela <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		other
grateful for @soundregion ' s consideration of transportation funding for #530slide recovery <http>		constituency		neutral		L000560		twitter		policy
munhall rally shows united front against foreign dumping <http> via @triblive		national		neutral		M001151		twitter		policy
as frightening as it is for unelected bureaucrats to set public policy , even more frightening is policy driven by litigation @natresources		national		neutral		C001096		twitter		support
the right to vote is a cornerstone of democracy . reaffirm your right by making sure you ‰ űşre registered : <http> #celebratenvrd		national		neutral		P000197		twitter		information
mahalo to the community leaders from hawai'i who stopped by to meet with congresswoman tulsi gabbard today while they visited washington , dc . the state representatives and senators are in town for the national conference of state legislatures fall forum and spoke with rep . gabbard about ideas and concerns including transportation , healthcare , the marketplace fairness act , and other important issues that affect the people of hawai'i . top photo : sen . maile shimabukuro , representative scott ishimoto , tezcan inanlar ( regional director , pacifica institute ) , sen . j . kalani english , congressman-elect mark takai , sen . clarence nishihara , corina eckl ( state services division director , national conference of state legislatures ) , and irene kawanabe ( program director , national conference of state legislatures ) . left photo : trevor takahashi , volunteer legislative representative for the international association of machinists & aerospace workers . center photo : sherry menor-mcnamara , president & ceo for the chamber of commerce hawai'i , with enrico fontana , phd managing director for ansaldo honolulu . right photo : hawai'i state senator brickwood galuteria .		national		neutral		G000571		facebook		support
congrats to @southwestair : 43 yrs ago , 1st flights out of @dallaslovefield . we luv having you serve #tx27 via @ccintairport & @austinairport		constituency		neutral		F000460		twitter		personal
rt @johnlallenjr : mass senator edward markey meets pope francis , talks climate change : <http>		national		neutral		M000133		twitter		information
had to share w / @md_seafood . we've got a chance to prove #mdtrueblue #crabcakes top any other regional delicacy <http>		national		neutral		C000141		twitter		policy
i've had several school cafeteria workers from our district who have told me that the children are simply refusing to eat the politically-correct food that they are being ordered to serve , and that an unbelievable amount of food and money is being wasted . you might also be interested in a speech i gave on the floor of the house on february 16 , 2012 regarding this ridiculous school lunch policy : <http>		constituency		neutral		D000533		facebook		information
i am so proud of my wonderful children , @aliciamenendez & rob jr . #fathersday <http>		national		neutral		M000639		twitter		personal
each year , millions of americans face the reality of living with a mental health condition . during mental health awareness week , we must renew our fight to end the stigma , provide support , and advocate for equal care . if you or someone you know may need a mental health assessment please visit : <http>		national		neutral		S001165		facebook		policy
. @lapoderosa670 w / host @raquelregalado speaking abt the health of #sofla ‰ űşs economy + need 4 more jobs <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		information
rt to tell president obama the buck stops with him . <http> #irs #irsscandal #benghazi		national		partisan		B000575		twitter		attack
potus holds end of year presser today . we'd ask : if ur concerned about jobs 4 middle class , why not open atlantic coast 4 energy ? #vaenergy		national		partisan		R000589		twitter		policy
#tbt the last of our summer interns are leaving us at the end of this week . thanks to gabe , stacy , seth & david for all of your hard work this summer ‰ ű_and who can forget the best intern recruitment video ever made ? ?		national		neutral		D000614		facebook		information
i was honored to speak at the inauguration of dr . rodney bennett as the 10th president of the university of southern mississippi today .		national		neutral		W000437		facebook		policy
american history is marked by great moments , & the dream of dr . martin luther king jr . is on full display today ... <http> #ar2		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		support
a senior egyptian official this week called the holocaust a " myth . " these bigoted , hate-filled remarks are an absolute disgrace and just another reason why the u . s . should sever all foreign aid to egypt		national		partisan		B001260		facebook		policy
four american lives and eight months later , more questions than answers still remain about what happened at the u . s . embassy in benghazi , libya . putting politics before american lives in not acceptable and i will continue to fight for answers . <http>		national		neutral		C001092		facebook		support
. @timkaine at kabul international airport w / va troops , incl . troops from fredericksburg , newport news & va beach <http>		national		neutral		K000384		twitter		information
as a member of the congressional victims ' rights caucus , i applaud today's decision by the nfl and the baltimore ravens . violence against women won't be tolerated . <http>		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		policy
@dgfohio @mrclean2012 my guess is that they were really m4s		constituency		neutral		D000615		twitter		other
today marks the 4th time in 5 years that pres . obama missed the legal deadline to submit his budget plan : <http> #requireaplan		national		partisan		S000250		twitter		policy
welcome secretary #kerry . look forward to working with u on issues confronting the western hemisphere @hfacrepublicans #az05 #az		national		neutral		S000018		twitter		support
isis , the new iraqi islamist caliphate that obama referred to as the " junior varsity " to al qaeda targets chicago . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
yesterday , the democratic women of the house spoke out against h . r . 1406 , the ‰ űďmore work , less pay ‰ űť bill that would hurt american families . this legislation is a dreadful way to say ‰ űďhappy mother ‰ űşs day ‰ űť to the working moms and their families that depend on overtime pay to make ends meet . check out the video of my colleagues and me speaking out on the house floor . <http>		national		partisan		H001063		facebook		media
this week i had a chance to visit with nipomo resident riley nilsen , who was elected president of the california association of future farmers of america . she will spend a year of service planning and conducting a leadership conference for the association ‰ űşs 76,000 members . after her year of service , riley is headed to cal poly ‰ űógo mustangs !		national		neutral		C001036		facebook		support
voted against the #farmbill because it takes food off plates of poor kids . #endhungernow		national		partisan		S001193		facebook		policy
‰ űďi am confident that john ‰ űşs legacy of fighting for democracy , human rights , and global peace will continue at the department of state . he played an essential role in bringing our troops home from iraq and ending the war , and has been an advocate for peace and democratic transition in some of the most challenging conflict zones , from sudan to afghanistan . "		national		partisan		C000141		facebook		support
. @timesunion : new york state sees end-of-season surge in #obamacare signups <http> #aca		constituency		partisan		T000469		twitter		support
good to visit with amazon . behind me is a mural celebrating their expansion into intl markets . <http>		national		neutral		R000592		twitter		personal
staff will hold local office hours in lunenburg and halifax on friday , june 13 to meet with those who need assistance with federal agencies : <http>		national		neutral		H001060		facebook		personal
today we celebrate #earthday , a day when we should reaffirm our commitment to a clean , safe , and healthy environment for our children and future generations . <http>		national		neutral		C001070		facebook		personal
in case you missed it , check out my photos from the inaugural swearing-in ceremony .		national		neutral		B001251		facebook		personal
the consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) is one of the most unaccountable agencies in the federal government . house committee on financial services will be marking up a series of legislative proposals today to bring more accountability , reform and transparency to the cfpb .		national		partisan		H001059		facebook		policy
tune in to @wjrradio w / @paulwjr to hear my #oscars2014 recap ... j / k we will discuss #ukraine and suspending participation in the g - 8 summit		national		neutral		R000572		twitter		media
we must continue the fight to protect our unborn children . they're counting on us . #prolife #roe40		national		neutral		C000266		twitter		policy
sorry just doesn't cut it , mr . president ; our country needs a solution . work with us to ensure that americans can keep the plan they have already chosen . <http>		national		partisan		C001087		facebook		policy
enjoy @espn ' s not top 10 ? #wastebook exposes a top ten list your favorite sports teams don't want you to see #10 ... <http>		national		partisan		C000560		twitter		personal
this week is " stop government abuse week " in the house of representatives . my colleagues and i are extremely serious about bringing accountability back to washington and restoring americans ' trust in their government . the days of high-ranking federal officials at the irs and elsewhere getting away with betraying the public's trust and then being put on paid , taxpayer-funded vacations must be brought to a permanent end . in the real world , negligence and law-breaking has consequences . it's time for reckless government employees to play by the same rules as the hardworking americans outside of washington who fund their paychecks . my bill , the government employee accountability ( gea ) act , is one of the major steps we are taking to accomplish this . read my op-ed on the gea act from the pittsburgh tribune-review : <http> become of citizen co-sponsor of the gea act : <http> coverage of the gea act : <http> <http> follow the conversation on twitter using the hashtage : #restoretrust		constituency		partisan		K000376		facebook		policy
i find it hard to believe that the faa cannot find $ 600 million in responsible cuts out of a $ 16 billion budget .		national		neutral		B001275		facebook		support
la gran d radio in las cruces		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
excited and energized by the president's state of the union tonight " opportunity is who we are . and the defining project of our generation is to restore that promise . " - president obama		national		neutral		E000293		facebook		support
recognition of the problems and the failures of obamacare is bipartisan . even the president has recognized the failures . it is time for the president and the senate to stop defending the indefensible . clearly , there are health reforms that america needs , but the whole of obamacare isn't it . <http>		national		neutral		W000810		facebook		policy
my statement on the senate passing #renewui . i urge @speakerboehner to bring this bipartisan bill to a vote this week <http>		national		partisan		S001145		twitter		support
rt @recoveringpol : we have 68 @nolabelsorg problem-solvers - - amazing . how many congressmen do we need for critical mass , and how do we get ‰ ű_		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		other
as we get ready for another week in washington , here is a link that you can go to and read more about what we are doing this week . we have already had several families from the first district by the office today and i am looking forward to seeing more the rest of the week . if you are still making your way to the nation's capitol , please have a safe trip . i am looking forward to seeing you come by my office ! <http>		national		neutral		C001087		facebook		personal
congrats to jack baldwin of marlboro on his 100th birthday . still farming & contributing to his church & community ! <http>		constituency		neutral		G000564		twitter		personal
the 2014 ebola epidemic is the largest in history . that is why i came to washington to participate in the oversight and government reform committee hearing on the united states ‰ űş response to ebola . while there have been a few infected americans , ebola is not easy to catch . a person infected with ebola can ‰ űşt spread the disease until symptoms appear and it is only spread through direct contact with blood and body fluids .		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		policy
epa defies supreme court , proposes unprecedented water regulations <http>		national		partisan		C000059		twitter		information
honor the fallen . #memorialday		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		support
great to hear from our witnesses today , but congress needs to adequately fund public health and research .		national		partisan		D000216		facebook		policy
@davcomcj there r elements in saudi arabia who r at war with us . we should be acting in accordance with that fact .		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		policy
great turnout this morning for the kickoff of the snohomish county affordable housing conference . thanks for having me !		constituency		neutral		D000617		facebook		information
our team helps veterans with va benefit claims . today we met with the va regional office about improving claims processing .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		information
‰ űďcosponsored bipartisan sportsmen ‰ űşs bill to make public lands more accessible & increase rec use on public lands - ogh <http>		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		policy
introduced the growth act today w / @dentpressshop to reform #unemployment insurance while bolstering job creation : <http>		national		partisan		M001187		twitter		policy
@kylacampbelldc 7:00 pm pst		constituency		neutral		H001064		twitter		information
great speaking with students visiting the capitol today from steubenville high school . what an engaging and enthusiastic group of young people ! i always enjoy meeting with them and hearing their views on our state , current affairs , and our federal government . they left me very encouraged , because it is clear they are as passionate about america ‰ űşs future as i am .		national		neutral		J000292		facebook		policy
in the news : from the morning call : lehigh valley congressman charlie dent said the president can't undo a piece of law without congressional approval , which is why a legislative fix is needed . " the president has no choice but to accept this reality that the implementation of this law has been a complete and utter disaster , " said dent , a republican whose 15th district includes lehigh county and part of northampton county . " this disaster has impacted the lives of americans who never thought their insurance would be canceled . the bill we'll put forward is a step in the right direction . "		national		partisan		D000604		facebook		attack
30ppl at faith wesleyan church men bfast . some women too . q & a deficit executive orders foreign aid blm / cattlemen guns freedomofreligion		constituency		neutral		G000386		facebook		information
it was my honor to help present yesterday evening at the business examiner's 40 under 40 awards at pacific lutheran university . my congratulations to this wonderful group of young leaders who will help shape the south sound for the next generation .		national		neutral		K000381		facebook		support
president obama has made it his mission to shutdown coal production . need proof ? <http> #waroncoal		national		partisan		C001047		twitter		policy
monday i met w / lee ‰ űşs summit & blue springs chambers of commerce about transit funding & marketplace fairness act <http>		constituency		neutral		C001061		twitter		policy
. @juleshastweets : i'm especially honored to have your support #vawa		national		neutral		C001078		twitter		support
watch senator mike crapo question #irs officials at @senatefinance . #idpol <http> - staff		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		media
sunday morning i'll be on abc's this week talking with the roundtable about all the news of the day . check here at the bottom of the page to see what time this week airs where you live . tune in ! <http>		national		neutral		S001183		facebook		media
late yesterday we learned that the house gop and speaker boehner increased the contract with an outside law firm to $ 3 million dollars to defend the defense of marriage act , a discriminatory law that denies people their federal rights . i will be an original cosponsor of legislation to overturn doma when it is reintroduced in the house in a few weeks .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		support
once again , i'm cosponsoring a real #nobudgetnopay , one that actually encourages house & senate to do its job . <http>		national		partisan		B001252		twitter		policy
what we have is a broken budget process . lurching from short term funding bill , to stop gap measure months into a fiscal year is no way to manage a government . ideological issues aside , day-to-day congressional business is broken and needs serious lawmaking to be repaired . the appropriations committees were once in charge of a lot of the congressional calendar . now , everything seems to be run by leadership and run through the rules committee - regular order bypassed . the shutdown crisis is a result of that broken process . that said , why can't house leadership bring up a clean stop-gap measure to allow more time to deliberate on bread and butter issues ? a clean continuing resolution ( cr ) would get big bipartisan votes and pass in just a few hours . i will vote for a clean cr .		national		partisan		S001157		facebook		attack
i've signed onto a letter to hhs sec . @sebelius asking her to take action to #savesarah <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
it is simply outrageous that the board of aig would even consider suing the federal government . read my full statement : <http>		constituency		partisan		W000187		twitter		constituency
saddened by the passing of my good friend ted ogle . a great husband , father and friend who cared deeply about his country , state and community . he will be missed throughout our district and never forgotten .		constituency		neutral		M001189		facebook		personal
constituents have shared their concerns with me about noise from jets stationed at naval air station whidbey island . i have always been clear in my support for naswi ‰ űşs role as one of the country ‰ űşs premier navy installations and the growlers being stationed at the base , and i am committed to finding solutions that reduce the impact of noise on local communities . check out these articles about a recent meeting i attended on lopez island and what i am doing to help find solutions . <http> <http>		national		neutral		L000560		facebook		personal
i will be on msnbc ‰ űşs the ed show at 5:45 pm today to discuss the benefits of the affordable care act and why it is crucial the gop does not succeed in defunding the aca . please tune in !		national		neutral		C000984		facebook		other
watch our press conference introducing #chiff , the children in families first act : <http> learn more : <http>		national		neutral		L000550		twitter		support
met with members of the illinois farm bureau from throughout our district at my geneva office today . farmers and the agriculture industry are the lynchpin of our state economy . special thanks to all our outstanding local ag leaders for their great work .		constituency		neutral		H001059		facebook		policy
rt @nhpco_news : thank you to senator @markwarner for end-of-life care planning act 2013 #eol #hospice #hpm <http> via @sha ‰ ű_		national		partisan		W000805		twitter		support
2 more #briefbrady townhalls this week . hope to see you at one ! tomball - <http> montgomery co - <http>		constituency		neutral		B000755		twitter		personal
the beautiful grimes county courthouse in anderson , texas .		constituency		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
this isn ‰ űşt the whole solution , but it ‰ űşs a good firs step in getting our veterans the care they need and deserve .		national		neutral		T000459		twitter		policy
en vivo ahora a las 8 con @satchapretto en @despiertaameric / / live at 8a with satcha pretto on despierta america .		national		neutral		D000600		twitter		support
please read my new e-newsletter , " oh-no-bamacare ! " : <http>		national		partisan		L000573		facebook		personal
the congressional budget office ( cbo ) recently released a report , which included the economic impacts of the affordable care act ( aca ) . many have mischaracterized the report , claiming that the aca will directly cost the american economy upwards of two million jobs . the report actually states , and cbo director douglas elmendorf confirmed yesterday before the house budget committee , that the aca will reduce the total number of hours worked across the economy by an amount equivalent to about 2 million full-time workers over the next 10 years . these estimates reflect workers , not jobs . the aca will actually give workers the freedom to work less because they will no longer need to work longer hours or remain trapped in their jobs to hold on to affordable health insurance .		national		partisan		G000410		facebook		policy
ohio has suffered a devastating loss.thinking of and praying for all of those who lost loved ones in afghanistan this week . wkyc channel 3 - cleveland reports on the tragedy - read it here : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000586		facebook		constituency
this morning , hhs secretary kathleen sebelius will testify before the house energy and commerce committee about obamacare's failed rollout . what question do you think she should answer ?		national		neutral		W000795		facebook		policy
go niners !		national		neutral		C001036		facebook		personal
tune in to news radio 610 this morning - i'll be talking with jimmy cefalo at 8: 12 a . m . ! listen live here <http>		national		neutral		W000797		facebook		support
check out this week's schedule in the house : <http>		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		personal
3/4 th of obamacare signups face higher premiums . #obamascare <http>		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
earlier this week , members of the republican women's policy committee met with representatives of the armed forces to discuss the recent revelations of wide-spread sexual assaults in the military .		national		partisan		E000291		facebook		personal
a lottery to determine if preschoolers can stay in #headstart ? we can do better . it's time to #cancelthesequester <http>		national		neutral		C000714		twitter		support
inauguration breakfast - last chance <http>		constituency		neutral		G000556		twitter		personal
just a reminder that on monday , september 22 at 5:00 pm in falfurrias , my office , along with the department of agriculture is hosting a housing and information fair . we look forward to seeing you all there !		national		neutral		H000636		facebook		personal
if you are out and about trying to find a few #blackfriday deals , don't forget that tomorrow is small business saturday ! not only do small businesses play an important role in our economy , they are also a vital part of our communities ! ! ! so remember to #shopsmall and support west michigan small businesses on #smallbizsaturday ! !		constituency		neutral		H001058		facebook		mobilization
on #foreignrelations @brettonwoodscom : i don ‰ űşt believe we'll be @ peace til we nudge leaders to work together for the betterment of us all .		national		neutral		M000639		twitter		mobilization
appeared on your world with neil cavuto to talk about today's senate finance committee hearing with sec . sebelius . there are fundamental problems with this healthcare system that go beyond a website , and there is more trouble ahead .		national		partisan		P000449		facebook		policy
pres obama ‰ űşs former interior secretary salazar : #fracking never been an environmental problem . <http>		national		partisan		B001261		twitter		personal
i just took part in another successful house committee on veterans ' affairs oversight hearing . today's subject was on how the va can take advantage of the private sector's best practices in delivering care . please take a moment and view my questions here : <http>		national		neutral		L000564		facebook		policy
congratulations to @manchester_sd on the grand opening of the valley view health center ! <http>		constituency		neutral		W000815		twitter		support
looks like even the nyt admits that #obamascare is a fraud . day late $ billions <http> :/ / goo.gl/2ml102		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
americans must be able to voice their political and religious views without fear of reprisal from the government . <http>		national		partisan		R000591		twitter		policy
it was a pleasure to welcome the american peanut council at their dc trade conference earlier today . as a member of the house agriculture committee and having grown up in a rural georgia farming community , i know how important agriculture is to our everyday lives and our nation ‰ űşs economic success . i am a supporter of free and fair trade because it is crucial to economic success and job creation in georgia .		national		neutral		S001189		facebook		support
i had the opportunity to speak with two prominent cuban dissidents , elizardo sanchez and guillermo farinas . they cautioned that the castros would try to get the united states to finance their " putinist project " through the relaxation of the embargo , and that we should reject any deal that did not include real political reform . learn more here : <http>		national		partisan		C001098		facebook		policy
great questions at my town hall meeting in laplace . good discussion on border crisis , va , and flood insurance . <http>		constituency		partisan		V000127		twitter		constituency
recently , i introduced legislation to ensure a healthy future for kansas ' community banks . the community lending enhancement and regulatory ( clear ) relief act would strip away outdated , unnecessary regulation and allow community banks to focus on what they do best : provide loans to their communities and help small businesses grow . i encourage you to read the american banker article below that discusses this legislation as well as an estimated 30 pending bills between the house and senate to ease the regulatory burden on community banks .		constituency		neutral		M000934		facebook		policy
icymi @repjeffdenham announces he ‰ űşll be first r to sign onto hr15 ! watch the interview <http> #actonreform #cir #timeisnow		constituency		neutral		G000573		twitter		media
i voted yes on h res 303 , the rule defining the process for considering h r 5 . the structured rule ( only certain amendments allowed ) provides for one hour of debate equally divided between the chairman and the ranking member of the committee on education and the workforce . all points of order against consideration of the bill or the amendments are waived . twenty-six amendments ‰ űóincluding seven from democrats and four bipartisan proposals ‰ űóare in order , and one motion to recommit ( return the bill to committee ) with or without instructions may be offered . it passed 230-190 .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		policy
gop blocking budget conference boggles my mind . mt @senatedems : republicans wanted to pass budget thru regular order . <http>		national		partisan		C000174		twitter		attack
" forget about escape velocity . the u . s . economy in 2014 is likely to record another disappointing year of growth ... " this #growthgap is costing us millions of jobs and a delta in our gdp that rivals the entire economy of same nations .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		information
thrilled to introduce #familyact with @sengillibrand . good for both families & businesses . <http>		national		neutral		D000216		twitter		support
thank you to the lsu student government delegation for meeting with me today . always great to engage in discussions with the young leaders from my alma mater !		constituency		neutral		S001176		facebook		information
bucks county businesses raise awareness of local economy <http>		constituency		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
looking forward to meeting with the folks at miller's custom cabinets tomorrow in excelsior springs . small businesses like this are the backbone of our economy . <http>		national		neutral		G000546		facebook		support
today ‰ űşs ground breaking marks the start of construction on the new $ 31.6 million federally funded hanscom middle school . i strongly supported funding for this project that will provide a safe learning environment for children living on the hanscom air force base . read more : <http>		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		policy
if we can fix this broken tax code , make it simpler , less complex ‰ űó if we can lower that top rate , close loopholes and make us competitive , we can grow this economy , create jobs and generate revenues to balance the budget .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		media
rt @gretchencarlson : he predicted current obamacare debacle in 2010 , proposed bill to prevent it , all dems voted no . @senatorenzi ( r-wy ) j ‰ ű_		national		partisan		E000285		twitter		policy
i just uploaded some photos from my recent trip to afghanistan on my flickr page ! i'm so glad i had the opportunity to visit with service members from the district and michigan while on the ground .		national		neutral		K000380		facebook		support
if someone in your life is looking for a job ( or a better job ) , my office is helping out at a job fair happening tomorrow in #yubacity . bring your resume , dress for success , and practice your short interview speech .		constituency		neutral		G000559		facebook		information
for months #petcoke piles have been uncontained & now we are facing problems of dust and contaminated stormwater . <http>		national		neutral		P000595		twitter		information
did you know the president is able to designate land as a national monument with just the stroke of his pen ? last week , with my strong support , the house took action requiring public input for future sites of national monuments . here ‰ űşs an editorial from the bulletin #inbend about this common-sense bill . <http>		national		neutral		W000791		facebook		support
i was on @cbsthismorning to discuss today's #msthearing examining sexual assault in the military . video is up here : <http>		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		media
july 10:42 but one thing is needful ; and mary hath chosen that good part , which shall not be taken away from her .		national		neutral		S000364		twitter		personal
spoke on the senate floor this am to call for the swift confirmation of landya mccafferty . read my remarks here : <http>		national		partisan		S001181		twitter		policy
staff : while congressman john garamendi is on the floor watching the state of the union , we will live tweet some of our favorite moments on twitter at <http> .		national		neutral		G000559		facebook		support
enjoyed it ! ‰ űď @attyabdul : good chat with @replarrybucshon @93wibc . up next @mayorballard ‰ űť		national		neutral		B001275		twitter		support
i'll be live with jed on wjob 1230 am tomorrow to talk about obamcare at 8: 45a et . listen live :		national		neutral		R000592		facebook		media
i will be hosting my 30th in-person town hall meeting this week in mountainside . <http>		constituency		neutral		L000567		facebook		media
58 % of texans would benefit from medicaid expansion #expandmedicaidnow <http>		national		partisan		G000410		twitter		policy
‰ űď @washingtonpost : congress set to approve $ 41 million to help clear the backlog of untested rape kits <http> very pleased		national		neutral		C001068		twitter		policy
hmmm , are you plotting future world domination ? mt @democrasam sen booker ! i'm running for president in my ap gov class , please endorse me !		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
we need campaign finance reform , and the fair elections now act is a step in the right direction . <http>		national		partisan		K000188		twitter		policy
fbi director : hasan was inspired by al-qaida . #tx25 #forthood <http>		national		neutral		W000816		twitter		information
on floor honoring united states army reserve 105th birthday . our nation rests on strength of brave soldiers who volunteer , serve & sacrifice		national		neutral		T000467		twitter		support
as i did first in december and again last week , i urge our state leaders to strongly consider a permanent or temporary switch to the federal exchange . in addition , and at a minimum , maryland should consider running healthcare.gov and the maryland connection simultaneously to expand options for marylanders . to my mind , the fact that the white house has offered to take over portions of maryland ‰ űşs exchange underscores my own independent analysis that this transition is not difficult from a technical perspective . - john read my full statement here :		constituency		neutral		D000620		facebook		policy
this week , 144 house republicans voted to keep the government closed and to refuse to pay our bills . thankfully , not a single house democrat joined them . how would you have voted ?		national		partisan		N000002		facebook		support
going on mornings in marquette on 100.3 with chip around 7:50 tomorrow morning . tune in !		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		media
kudos to mark levin for admonishing bill o'reilly <http> @marklevinshow @oreillyfactor #tcot		national		partisan		H001057		twitter		personal
looking forward to helping lead the new state medicaid expansion caucus w / rep . g . k . butterfield : <http> #expandmedicaidnow		constituency		neutral		J000288		facebook		policy
. @jaredpolis + i introduced bill 2 protect #lgbt students frm harassment + discrimination get ur cong 2 support #snda <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
great news ! one of our largest employers , @bluediamond , is reporting record revenue growth ‰ ő <http> #ca07 #icymi		constituency		neutral		B001287		twitter		information
icymi , @thedemocrats are diving into fixing the problems we had on tuesday night . watch : <http>		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		personal
with the president continuing to abuse his power , pls read my new e-newsletter , " enforcing the law is not optional " : <http>		national		partisan		L000573		twitter		policy
my colleagues & i sent a strong message that people accessing our courthouses should be safe from intimidation & fear <http>		national		partisan		M001160		twitter		policy
icymi : read @theolympian editorial on my new commute act : <http>		national		neutral		H001064		twitter		policy
we can all make a difference during #suicidepreventionmonth . if you know a #veteran or service member in crisis or having thoughts of suicide , one conversation can connect you with free , confidential support from the #veteranscrisisline . call 1-800-273-8255 and press 1 , chat online at www.veteranscrisisline.net , or learn more about #thepowerof1 at www.veteranscrisisline.net/thepowerof1		national		neutral		L000570		facebook		mobilization
attn . veterans : salem va medical center will host a town hall listening session on monday at 3pm in the auditorium . this is a good opportunity for veterans and family members to voice any concerns or ask questions about service at the facility .		constituency		neutral		G000289		facebook		information
pleased to announce today that $ 11.4 million for the lockport powerhouse is included in the bipartisan $ 1.1 trillion government spending bill that is under consideration in both the house and the senate . the funding will facilitate the completion of the design and the awarding of a construction contract for repairs to the forebay wall at the facility operated by the metropolitan water reclamation district of greater chicago . for more than a century , the lockport powerhouse has been instrumental in maintaining the chicago waterways system . i am proud to announce this funding that will help to ensure the powerhouse remains viable for many years to come .		national		neutral		L000563		facebook		policy
the students at south caldwell high school are asking some great questions this morning !		national		neutral		M001187		facebook		support
our children are being held back by an outdated , overbearing federal education system that is clearly not working .		national		neutral		W000798		facebook		policy
#liberalism : vegas school thinks that sexed is ok for 5 year olds .		national		partisan		H001057		twitter		policy
immigration reform : citizenship possible for kids brought to u . s . , lance says <http>		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		policy
rt @rmazetns : #hasc ndaa includes provision requiring services to have body armor specially designed for women , sez @repmiketurner		national		neutral		T000463		twitter		information
i hosted neighborhood office hours in deerfield township this morning . thanks to all who attended !		constituency		neutral		C000266		facebook		personal
as a small business owner for 20 + years , i know how important local businesses are to our community . support one this week ! #sbw2013		national		neutral		G000377		twitter		policy
i want to wish coach tony harper and the cathedral high school basketball team the best of luck as they head to the regional tournament . coach harper ‰ űşs leadership and determination has made him the winningest active coach in texas and he shows no sign of slowing down now . el paso is rooting for you , good luck and go irish !		constituency		partisan		O000170		facebook		policy
today , it looks like we're going to vote again to open museums , but keep the government shut down , rather than just paying all our nation's bills . republican speaker boehner has a law on his desk , passed by the united states senate . it does one thing : lets our nation pay its bills . voting on anything else in our house is simply a waste of time . share this post if you think it's the american way to let congress vote on a law that pays our bills , just like any family in the valley . like this post if you understand that this isn't about health care , it isn't about politics , it's simply about being responsible and paying our bills .		national		partisan		C001097		facebook		policy
the u . s . supreme court just handed down its decision on the voting rights act ( vra ) . learn why the vra is the most effective civil rights law in history , and why it ‰ űşs still needed , at www.civilrights.org/shelby or <http> .		national		neutral		W000808		facebook		personal
happy happy birthday to my good friend @donnabrazile _ů_ä @thedemocrats are lucky to have her on our team ! #hbd		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		support
congratulations to all the fathers out there who take pride and responsibility in helping to raise their children . happy father's day ! here are some quotes i like on fathers and fatherhood . i hope that you share this post and reply with any quotes you like or write your own wisdom about fatherhood ! " it is a wise father who knows his own child " william shakespeare " it is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father . " pope john xxiii " it doesn't matter who my father was ; it matters who i remember he was . " anne sexton " it is much easier to become a father than to be one . " kent nerburn " there are three stages of a man ‰ űşs life : he believes in santa claus , he doesn ‰ űşt believe in santa claus , he is santa claus . " unknown " my father died many years ago , and yet when something special happens to me , i talk to him secretly not really knowing whether he hears , but it makes me feel better to half believe it . " natasha josefowitz " fatherhood suddenly happens , and all of a sudden you're dad and your own father is grandpa ; a whole generation phases by in a miraculous moment . " jared polis :)		national		neutral		P000598		facebook		personal
special congratulations to all the volunteers honored @unitedwaycle , they do an amazing job #uwcle #oh16		constituency		neutral		R000586		twitter		information
school shootings should not be our nation's norm . <http>		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		policy
attention students in south carolina : congressional art competition deadline is approaching @goupstate <http>		constituency		neutral		G000566		twitter		constituency
spent my career working to #stregthenmh . now is the time for compromise . not for thoughtless , divisive attacks <http>		constituency		neutral		T000469		twitter		mobilization
the faa explained they had not been consulted on the airport commission legislation . more <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		policy
we need to invest in improving our transportation infrastructure , for jobs , and for economic security in the future .		national		partisan		C000984		facebook		policy
" balboa park is the only place in usa with 28 major cultural institutions w / in 1 sq mile . " #arts cc : . @repsusandavis <http>		national		neutral		P000608		twitter		personal
video : calls army corps plan to restrict fishing below dams " unreasonable " ; watch full press conference : <http> #tailwaters		national		neutral		A000360		twitter		policy
@cantwellpress please do the right thing and pass the house cr . don't let senator reid shut down the gov't over #obamacare . #senatemustact		national		partisan		C001093		twitter		mobilization
in case you missed it last week , i appeared on msnbc to discuss my bill - the cancer patient protection act . follow the link to watch the video . " like " and " share " this post if you agree that cancer patients ' treatments should not be delayed due to sequestration cuts .		national		neutral		E000291		facebook		policy
congratulations to mitchell technical institute and @lakeareatech on being named two of the 150 best community colleges by @aspeninstitute !		constituency		neutral		J000177		twitter		support
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): unemployment insurance : a senate push to extend federal jobless benefits for three months was put on hold wednesday as lawmakers sought a way to pay for it . senate majority leader harry reid postponed a procedural vote on a three-month bill to buy time for negotiations over an offset . ‰ űďi could live with that , ‰ űť sen . bernie sanders said of offsets during an interview wednesday on the ed schultz show . if republicans want offsets , sanders said , congress could come up with the money to pay for the benefits by reining in corporate tax dodgers or cutting wasteful military programs . unemployment insurance : ‰ űďwhile there has been some modest improvement in the overall economy , there still are three job applicants for every job opening ‰ ű_ as sen . sanders has noted , unemployment insurance kept 2.5 million americans , including 600,000 children , out of poverty in 2012 . ‰ ű_ now is not the time to turn our backs on the long-term unemployed , ‰ űť the bennington banner editorialized . global warming : ‰ űďthe scientific community , those responsible for protecting our national security , the american public and corporations increasingly are recognizing that climate change is happening now and that carbon pricing is likely to be part of the solution . it is time for congress to act , ‰ űť sens . sanders and barbara boxer wrote in an op-ed published thursday by the san francisco chronicle . the fed : change lies ahead as washington begins 2014 with more gridlock , austerity and partisan posturing , katrina vanden heuvel writes in the washington post . in the senate , an emerging caucus of aggressive progressives has begun to challenge the status quo . sens . elizabeth warren , sherrod brown and jeff merkley joined sen . bernard sanders in leading the revolt that blocked the nomination of lawrence summers to head the federal reserve in an indictment of the so-called ‰ űďwall street wing ‰ űť of the democratic party . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		information
saying farewell to ambassador king of taiwan		national		neutral		S001165		facebook		personal
like and share !		national		neutral		B000213		facebook		personal
as we enter tax season , be sure to take advantage of the earned income tax credit if you are eligible , and make use of the volunteer income tax assistance ( vita ) program if you need help preparing your return . click here to learn more :		national		neutral		H001047		facebook		information
thanks to everyone who came out today to help us recognize montford point marines and world war ii veterans , corporal george terrel watson and corporal samuel walter sylvester , jr .		national		neutral		P000601		facebook		personal
nine things you never knew about flag day . # 8 . each year , the president must proclaim flag day . in 1949 , congress issued a joint resolution stating that the president must issue a proclamation each year calling for the national observance of the flag , and that it must be displayed on all federal government buildings . on june 7 , president obama issued this year's presidential proclamation of flag day and national flag week .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		information
. @jim_moran @rosadelauro and i introduced economic sanctions on russia ‰ űşs largest arms dealer today . read more here : <http>		national		neutral		K000378		twitter		support
i was honored to receive the greater hazleton chamber of commerce's home town heroes award in recognition of my continuing support and service to the area . it is an honor to represent the people of pennsylvania's 11th district .		constituency		neutral		B001269		facebook		constituency
check out this forum article where u . s . energy secretary moniz and i discuss today's major national energy policy meeting in bismarck that will focus on north dakota's energy infrastructure .		national		neutral		H001069		facebook		support
congratulations quest diagnostics for receiving the massecon award for economic development at last month ‰ űşs 11th annual team massachusetts economic impact awards !		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		personal
i'm happy for @jasoncollins34 . his courageous act moves us one step closer to a more tolerant & equal country . <http>		national		neutral		S000480		twitter		support
congrats to the #coleg - last day of session .		national		neutral		G000562		twitter		personal
today i spoke on the senate floor to discuss the devastating impact the blizzard has had on south dakota ranchers . <http>		constituency		neutral		J000177		twitter		information
my latest op-ed is running today online and in the hill newspaper . any reform of the veterans administration won ‰ űşt be fully effective if the va doesn ‰ űşt have enough doctors . goo.gl/xchklt		national		neutral		M000404		facebook		policy
today marks 224 years of exceptional service by the men and women of america ‰ űşs #coastguard . thank them by ' liking ' and ' sharing ' .		national		neutral		M001165		facebook		policy
stopped by to visit bob addison at addison drug in town . it's a true classic !		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		personal
‰ űďi don ‰ űşt think president obama is here tonight , but i ‰ űşm sure he ‰ űşs listening in . ‰ űť - mick jagger last night during the rolling stones concert in dc .		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		other
campus life in california has moved toward a healthier tomorrow as @uofcalifornia tobacco-free policy takes effect . #nosmoking		constituency		neutral		S001175		twitter		constituency
today's @indiancommittee hearing provided me w important info on native american housing development needs . <http>		constituency		neutral		J000177		twitter		policy
america's uninsured rate has dropped to 13.4 % , the lowest since 1/2008 ! #acaworks		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		support
may our nation's adventurous spirit never again see the dark days of pain and loss as it did 27 years ago . #challenger <http>		national		neutral		S001183		twitter		information
the absurdity of mccain et al's criticism of potus response on #ukraine is matched by their utter silence on what they'd do differently .		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		support
i'll be on msnbc in 5 minutes to talk about sequestration .		national		neutral		T000238		facebook		media
@keysoffaith hmm that's odd , here's another link : <http>		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		other
rt @repdianeblack : potus ‰ űşs record and rhetoric on trusting the federal gov ‰ űşt do not line up . rt & share this graphic : <http>		national		neutral		B001275		twitter		mobilization
tune in as the help committee begings its 7th hearing on #retirementsavings . it will be broadcast live on cspan - 3 <http>		national		neutral		H000206		twitter		media
rt @aaas_news : " basic science is a riskier investment compared with applied research , but one with larger potential payoffs , " #oped <http>		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		information
thank you ! rt @sarahpalinusa : we have your backs @sentedcruz @senmikelee <http> please rt to #defundobamacare		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		support
kyrsten's statement : reopening national parks right for arizona jobs , economy <http> - staff		constituency		partisan		S001191		twitter		information
@repsusandavis thanks for joining . san diego's #innovation economy pushing forward cc : @markcaffertysd @sdchamber		constituency		partisan		P000608		twitter		support
it ‰ űşs been more than three years since obamacare was signed into law , but in that time , the administration that created it has been unable to find a way to make it workable . moreover , it is deeply concerning that the administration is picking and choosing which parts of its own law it wants to follow , even while it forces middle-class americans to comply . the confusion , costs , and difficulty imposed on our families by this law and its subsequent mishandling are simply unacceptable .		national		partisan		P000588		facebook		policy
icymi : last night i joined senator john hoeven on crossfire to preview tonight's state of the union . what do you hope to hear from the president tonight ? watch our discussion here : <http>		national		partisan		M001183		facebook		media
tomorrow morning , i'll be on 680 wptf with rick martinez and on wral tv with bill and kelcey to talk about the state of the union speech .		national		neutral		E000291		facebook		media
my interview with fox on the attack in boston and tainted mail on capitol hill ...		national		neutral		R000576		facebook		information
icymi : sen . alexander on saturday delivered the weekly republican address with a focus on education , specifically a long-term fix on student loans and a republican plan for k - 12 education that ‰ űďputs washington out of the business of deciding whether local schools are succeeding or failing . ‰ űť in his remarks , alexander said senate republicans ‰ űďwill work hard with the president and the house ‰ űť on a long-term student loans solution . he also described ‰ űďa major disagreement ‰ űť with democrats on k - 12 education , saying , ‰ űďto put it simply , democrats want a national school board ; republicans favor local control . ‰ űť <http>		national		neutral		A000360		facebook		policy
i'll get to confront the treasury secretary on #potus's unrealistic 2015 budget in a hearing tomorrow . americans deserve better .		national		partisan		M001158		twitter		constituency
this morning , i chaired an oversight hearing on the lifeline program . last year , the fcc spent $ 2.2 billion of your money on the program , and we have an obligation to make sure that money is being spent wisely . the fund has increased 266 percent since 2008 and grown almost six-fold since 1998 , all while the cost of phone service has gone down . despite the limit of one subsidized subscriber per household , published reports suggest some subscribers have eight or more phones with subsidized service , with one woman saying that to get one ‰ űďshe just goes across the street and gets it . ‰ űť one man has claimed to have a bag full of 20 phones on the program that he sells ‰ űďfor about 10 , 15 , 20 bucks ‰ űť each . our hearing today looked into what can be done to curb these kinds of potential abuses . click here to watch my opening statement : <http>		national		partisan		W000791		facebook		policy
a new study out today confirms what we all know is true : @umich fans are the greatest . #goblue <http>		national		neutral		D000355		twitter		personal
headed to #scottsdale for event honoring marshall trimble , our wonderful #arizona state historian		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		support
spoke with my friends at the national hispanic christian leadership coalition earlier today at their first annual justice summit !		national		neutral		D000600		facebook		personal
met w / folks from #standingrock today to talk about their plan to boost #native tourism across #northdakota <http>		constituency		neutral		H001069		twitter		other
walked farmer'smkt desmoines for 2 1/2 hrs this morn to talk w any constituent who has qs i enjoyed talk w all		constituency		neutral		G000386		facebook		personal
i'm holding a community town hall forum in louisburg today - january 28th . due to the 2012 congressional redistricting , louisburg and northeast miami county are now included in the kansas 3rd congressional district . the town hall will take place in the commons area at louisburg high school , located at 202 aquatic drive in louisburg . congressman kevin yoder town hall forum monday , january 28 , 2013 5:30 ‰ űň 6:30 pm louisburg high school commons area 202 aquatic drive , louisburg , kansas		constituency		neutral		Y000063		facebook		information
just voted to fund naval station mayport , naval air station jax defense infrastructure projects at $ 50.6 million . first coast anchor to our national security . <http>		national		neutral		C001045		facebook		policy
@egpvokpvalleyok actually , i voted against the bca defense cuts known as sequester . <http>		national		partisan		T000463		twitter		policy
rt @md_dlds : at the jobs forum , featuring the us dept of labor and commerce secretaries and @whiphoyer , hosted @annearundelcc <http>		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		information
kode / ksn reported on my local business tour in southeast kansas yesterday with state senator jake laturner . take a look !		constituency		neutral		J000290		facebook		media
pearl harbor : then & now - firsthand accounts of the december 7 , 1941 attack . <http> <http>		national		neutral		H001055		twitter		information
this weekend is the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of americorps . for twenty years americorps has been making our communities better places to live and work . the 10th congressional district is the site of multiple americorps programs , serving veterans and job seekers and working to preserve the natural beauty of washington state . to all americorps members past and present , thank you for your service to our nation . i hope many more americans choose to follow in your footsteps in the years ahead .		national		neutral		H001064		facebook		personal
today lm wind power from grand forks received a significant federal award to expand production and create 170 nd jobs . north dakota is already a leader in wind energy production and manufacturing and this federal investment will help our state continue to harness our energy resources , and bring more good paying and quality jobs to the grand forks area .		constituency		neutral		H001069		facebook		information
i was proud to have joined local advocates to help raise awareness of preeclampsia <http>		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		personal
visited with meriam ibrahim yesterday--in her darkest days in prison in sudan , her christian faith never faltered : <http>		national		neutral		C001098		twitter		personal
@gillespie_r6 let's not make the same mistake in the future by appreciating fully what happened . yes , let's move forward , but facts matter .		national		partisan		E000290		twitter		media
talking to the winner of the congressional art competition . #tx23 3tx23 <http>		national		neutral		G000572		twitter		personal
i had a great discussion at the american association for the advancement of science's annual forum . panelists discussed how integrating arts with math and science has helped develop innovative new products and ideas . stem + arts = steam . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001278		facebook		personal
<http>		national		neutral		L000575		facebook		support
april ' 13 : 165,000 new jobs under obama ( <http> ) sept . ' 83 : over 1 million new jobs under reagan ( <http> )		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		policy
today , we honor and remember dr . martin luther king , jr .		national		neutral		J000292		facebook		personal
wsj editorial : blurred red lines - - <http> via @wsj		constituency		neutral		A000368		twitter		policy
breaking the silence on the irs outrage : <http> via @newyorkobserver #irstargeting		national		partisan		I000056		twitter		attack
. @massgovernor ‰ űşs 3.27 mil investment in life sciences training equipment for ma schools will grow opportunities for stem education .		national		partisan		T000465		twitter		policy
glenda lewis , eva prewitt , maxie thomas , and willie " dino " fort joined me today at the capitol . i am so glad they were able to attend the ceremony marking the 50th anniversary of the civil rights act .		national		neutral		S001185		facebook		support
this holiday season , we remind all veterans ‰ űň especially those suffering with the unseen wounds of war ‰ űň that this nation will live up to the promises we made when they entered the service . take a #selfie with a veteran to remind them that we will always honor their sacrifice . #novetalone		national		neutral		T000464		facebook		information
congressman huelskamp live on cnn		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		personal
when democrats don't vote , republicans win . <http>		national		partisan		G000556		twitter		attack
really enjoyed speaking with kipp believe college prep high school students at the capitol yesterday !		constituency		neutral		R000588		facebook		personal
i was honored to have maya lin bronner , winner of the 52nd district's 2014 congressional art competition , at the united states capitol today . she got to see her winning piece on display where it will hang for the next year - it's the one above all the rest !		national		neutral		P000608		facebook		policy
tune in to @foxbusiness now--i'm up next discussing this week's #irs hearing .		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		media
don't miss out on important weekly updates and news ! please sign up here for my sixth district report , which goes out on sundays ! like and share this post if you are signed up ! <http>		national		partisan		B001282		facebook		support
last night , news channel 5 reported on my legislation to defund the obama administration ‰ űşs illegal alien lobbyist at immigrations & customs enforcement ( ice ) . at a time when our country is $ 17 trillion in debt , the last thing we should be doing is using taxpayer dollars to fund an advocate for people who entered this country illegally . read more about this white house power grab here : <http>		national		partisan		B001273		facebook		support
the longer we take to deal with it , the more costly it will be to address . #actonclimate - #happyearthday		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		policy
what are the president ‰ űşs real priorities ? put americans back to work or please the narrow environmental lobby ? <http>		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		attack
via @yahoonews : wh's market-based student loan solution ‰ űďmore aligned w / the house legislation ‰ űť than dem-led senate <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		support
thank you to the great crowd tonight at our meet and greet in shannon county . so good to see so many people interested in their government .		national		neutral		S001195		facebook		support
enjoyed being on with wrar fm 105.5 this morning , and about to talk with wmal dc - tune in ! <http>		constituency		neutral		W000804		facebook		media
rt @repdesantis : americans expect dc to play by same rules as rest of the country , which is why i'm fighting to end unfair #obamacare subsi ‰ ű_		national		neutral		V000127		twitter		support
look forward to being at @nasastennis today . via @sunherald stennis will celebrate beginning of new rocket-test era <http>		national		neutral		C000567		twitter		media
. @hollandsentinel : huizenga talks budget , spending reform at early bird breakfast <http>		national		neutral		H001058		twitter		media
president's healthcare program : 100,000 enrollees through <http> , millions of policies cancelled . is this progress ?		national		partisan		F000372		twitter		policy
thank you to mrs . reno's third grade class at columbus avenue elementary for welcoming me to their classroom . all of them had very good questions and impressive ideas for the 29th district ! i will be answering some of their questions through videos in the next few weeks , so stay tuned ! i posted the first video yesterday , right below this post . check it out !		constituency		neutral		C001097		facebook		information
it ‰ űşs past time to #bringbackourmarine sgt . tahmooressi . #pjnet <http>		national		neutral		F000458		twitter		policy
@matthewwymt & @michellewymt stopped by my office earlier to talk about #rxdrugabuse . watch @wymt at 6pm . <http>		national		neutral		R000395		twitter		media
alexander to obama admin : ‰ űďsecure the border now ‰ ű_ and propose a serious plan " to deal with #immigration crisis <http>		national		neutral		A000360		twitter		policy
i ‰ űşll be talking with michael putney at 11:30 a . m . today on this week in south florida on wplg local 10 . be sure to tune in !		national		neutral		W000797		facebook		support
not even fcc chairman wheeler agrees with president obama ‰ űşs plan to increase government regulation of the internet . the white house plan would stifle economic growth and innovation ‰ űówe must continue fighting to prevent unnecessary government interference .		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		support
my guest for the #sotu is captain john orosz , a wounded warrior from the 101st airborne . #sot <http>		national		neutral		C000266		twitter		media
congrats @barackobama on getting a surgeon general who extols the health benefits of restricting 2nd amdt rights . happy #billofrightsday		national		neutral		P000603		twitter		support
icymi : bipartisan jobs training bill has potential via @saukvalley <http> cc : @repjoekennedy @rodneydavis @repjaredpolis		national		neutral		K000378		twitter		support
the solution to #irs targeting conservatives is eliminating the irs . #repeal16 <http>		national		partisan		B001283		twitter		policy
i got the chance to tour acadia national park in maine today with some of their park rangers . acadia gets over 2.2 million visitors a year , and is one of the busiest parks in the country . i love visiting our national parks and learning about how we can keep them working for america .		national		neutral		M001143		facebook		information
i support funding to help #highschool dropouts #atriskyouth get their #ged and skills to turn their lives around . <http>		national		neutral		M001166		twitter		support
was a pleasure to work with fellow rpcvs @repmikehonda @repgaramendi @repsamfarr and rep petri on this bill @peacecorps @pcorpsconnect		national		neutral		K000379		twitter		personal
i was happy to see governor rick perry at our weekly texas republican delegation lunch in washington today . during our meeting , we discussed his support for the medicaid block grants that are included in the house republican budget , and he assured us that texas will not participate in the obamacare exchange program .		constituency		partisan		M001158		facebook		policy
i will be on the laura ingraham show at 10:30 am et to talk about my run for majority leader . hope you can tune in !		national		neutral		L000573		facebook		personal
standing w / furloughed fed workers in rain who want congress to do our jobs so they can do theirs . #gopshutdown <http>		national		partisan		P000607		twitter		policy
. @wecanwait @huffpostparents i had pen pal . it ‰ űşs different , b / c real time , no pause button , lag time between what ‰ űşs said or should be said .		national		neutral		W000797		twitter		policy
congratulations to janet yellen ! proud to vote today to confirm her as the first female head of the federal reserve .		national		neutral		W000805		facebook		personal
today , i voted for and the house passed h . r . 3363 , the exchange information disclosure act which will provide the transparency needed within this $ 2 trillion law . this bill requires the administration to submit weekly reports to congress on the performance on healthcare.gov including how many people have successfully enrolled in a qualified health plan or medicaid , problems with the website's functionality and other crucial details . these are details taxpayers deserve to know but the administration refuses to provide .		national		neutral		D000619		facebook		policy
i just voted to move the construction of the keystone pipeline forward . what a great effort by republicans and democrats to come together to support job creation and energy security . now , it ‰ űşs in the senate ‰ űşs hands . i urge them to take up and pass this bill quickly . tens of thousands of american jobs rely on it .		constituency		neutral		G000377		facebook		support
as a supporter of school choice , i was proud to vote for #qualitycharters act to strengthen charter school programs <http>		national		neutral		B001273		twitter		support
thanks to everyone who shared their thoughts on syria with me . today i discussed the crisis with president obama ‰ űşs national security team at a foreign affairs committee hearing . i took the opportunity to share with them what i have been hearing from you ‰ űň through your phone calls , letters , social media posts , and even at the grocery store . i know many sacramento county residents are concerned about this issue , and i believe we need to clearly understand our goals and objectives in this increasingly complex situation . you can see it here : <http>		national		neutral		B001287		facebook		policy
live on @dennisdmz today at 12:45 p et . dennis out today , @christiandmz guest hosts . listen live : <http>		national		neutral		R000592		twitter		information
most " everyone agrees northern long-eared bat has dwindled , most blame it on disease , not habitat " #whitenosesyndrome <http>		national		neutral		T000467		facebook		personal
great meeting with the leaders of clemson university department of parks , recreation , and tourism and six graduate students from several african nations .		national		neutral		R000597		facebook		personal
there are some major discrepancies between attorney general holder's testimony before the u . s . house judiciary committee and the dept . of justice ‰ űşs decision to obtain a search warrant for the emails of the chief washington correspondent for fox news . it is imperative that ag holder explain these actions and provide a full and accurate account of his involvement .		national		partisan		G000289		facebook		policy
@ash_hematology agree shouldn't cut med research . now where should we cut to make up 4 that increase in deficit ? med benefits to illegals ?		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		policy
the national ignition facility ( nif ) at the lawrence livermore national laboratory is closer than ever to ignition and carbon free energy . i led a letter to president obama urging strong and sustained funding for nif as he prepares his next budget . now's the time to reaffirm our nation ‰ űşs commitment to this research , rather than retreating and ceding this scientific field to china and russia . click here to read the letter : www.goo.gl/hz5nji		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		policy
veterans ' town hall in carson city on monday , april 29 , from 12:00 p . m . to 1:30 p . m . , in the carson city veterans hall , 198 south carson street .		constituency		neutral		A000369		facebook		personal
from the article - apparently , the president assumed ‰ űó incorrectly ‰ űó that the janitors on capitol hill would get a pay cut . rather than admit an error , white house aides doubled down on their talking points about overtime being essential to their livelihood , without actually knowing the truth .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		attack
proud to support @noh8campaign #noh8onthehill ! hope we hear good news from the supreme court for #equality this week . <http>		national		neutral		K000382		twitter		support
academy nomination paperwork is due in #az monday . call the office if you need help : (480) 946-2411 . read more here : <http>		constituency		neutral		S001183		facebook		information
recent grads find themselves unable to participate in our economy due to their mountain of debt . #bankonstudents #p2 <http>		national		neutral		P000607		twitter		policy
cantwell-backed resolution passes senate . honors history , legacy of african americans & observes black history month : <http>		national		neutral		C000127		twitter		media
transportation sec . announced faa can transfer sufficient funds to end employee furloughs & keep 149 towers slated for closure open		national		neutral		R000596		twitter		support
@matthewkalish you should have said hello .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
#navalny conviction takes russia back to the days of ussr using courts as a weapon of tyranny stmnt w / @senjohnmccain <http>		national		partisan		C000141		twitter		personal
well . this is awkward . <http> cc : @whitehouse		national		neutral		K000378		twitter		policy
2day ' s @customsborder announcement 2 add staff @iflymia will bring much needed relief and facilitate trade + travel <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
via @courierjournal ' s @jrcarrollcj : senator mitch mcconnell meeting with president obama now on #isil threat . <http>		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		policy
icymi : my remarks on the house floor yesterday to stop the amtrak bailout in its tracks : <http>		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		policy
our fight to protect the victims of sexual assault in the military continues . i hope my colleagues in the senate join sen . kirsten gillibrand and i in this effort to fight for the men and women who wear our nation ‰ űşs uniform . please like if you agree that victims of these terrible crimes deserve justice ! #mjia		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		policy
wtvw-tv report : mcconnell sponsors sunscreen innovation act ( + playlist ): <http> #kentucky		national		partisan		M000355		twitter		policy
great win tonight by @redwolvesfball in mobile ! congrats on a great game ! #howlyes #redwolves #brickbybrick		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		personal
a great look back at at idaho native american tribes in 1863 . #idpol #idaho150 via @ktvb <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		support
top story : denver post ‰ űşs editorial today calls for a renewed push for hydropower and highlights legislation i introduced with rep . cathy mcmorris rodgers ( r-wa ) to streamline the process to ‰ űďfurther unleash the power of this important energy source , ‰ űť without loosening key environmental protections . with broad bi-partisan support for hydropower , we have a unique opportunity to take advantage of our nation ‰ űşs largest source of clean energy and help realize its potential to create good jobs in colorado and across the nation . after unanimously passing the house earlier this year , the time is now for the senate to act and secure a smarter , cleaner energy policy .		national		partisan		D000197		facebook		policy
" the democrats who run washington love to talk about a ' balanced approach . ' but there's nothing ' balanced ' about a budget that never gets to balance . and they have no plan to balance the budget ‰ űň ever . " - speaker boehner <http>		national		partisan		B000589		facebook		attack
thank you ! mt @ryanoferguson : congrats @repjoekennedy on manufacturing act signed by pres obama . good for ma , good for us #mapoli		national		partisan		K000379		twitter		support
visited westerly today to announce nearly $ 1 million in federal funds that have been secured to clean up and restore winnapaug pond after it was filled with sediment during superstorm sandy . <http>		national		neutral		R000122		facebook		support
nada podrěá reemplazar el daě ± o y las vidas perdidas entre la desolaciě_n que dejě _ el supertifě_n en filipinas . sin embargo , usted todavě_a puede ayudar . visite <http> para leer měás sobre las donaciones que ayudarěán a aquellos que se enfrentan ahora a una larga reconstrucciě_n .		national		neutral		C001097		facebook		other
pleased @epa has extended the comment period to 12/1 for the carbon emissions rule . for directions on how 2 comment : <http>		national		partisan		M001183		twitter		policy
robert's round-up : a bipartisan effort to protect private property rights : <http>		national		neutral		H001060		facebook		information
yesterday i asked new jerseyans to tell me their stories about the urgent need to restore unemployment insurance benefits #renewui		constituency		partisan		B001288		twitter		policy
every family has to live within its means and overcome differences . congress must do the same . i spoke today on the house floor to express these views and call for fairness for all americans .		national		neutral		M001158		facebook		policy
worldwide more than 35 million people suffer from alzheimer ‰ űşs , and in the united states more than five million individuals live with this debilitating disease . i introduced a resolution recognizing september as world alzheimer ‰ űşs month . this month , and every month we must work towards finding a cure .		national		neutral		F000043		facebook		policy
catch me on lou dobbs tonight on fox business in just a few minutes .		national		neutral		S000018		facebook		media
rt @jaketapper : pentagon : sgt . stephen new , 29 , of bartlett , tn , died july 28 in bagram after unit was attacked by small arms fire <http>		national		neutral		L000576		twitter		information
what actions do you think should be taken if she refuses to testify ?		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
thumbs up to #az06 small biz , my job chart . #homegrown #loyaltothesoil		national		neutral		S001183		facebook		policy
i take great pride in being a bridge builder between the two parties to find common ground on legislation that may often divide us . take a look at my #yearinreview with 12 of the ways we reached across the aisle during 2014 :		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		policy
tune in to 1070 am radio this morning at 7:00 am central time where i'll be speaking w / sam malone !		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		policy
thanks to everyone who came out to my coffee and conversation at el dorado park in @longbeachcity over the weekend . <http>		national		neutral		L000579		twitter		personal
the president should not act alone on #immigration .		national		neutral		R000587		facebook		support
in light of the influx of unaccompanied children crossing our nation ‰ űşs border , i , along with my tennessee colleagues , wrote a letter to president obama demanding answers about the number , status , and location of these children . this is of the utmost importance , and i will not stop fighting until we receive the truth .		national		neutral		F000459		facebook		support
just delivered a floor speech to honor the lasalle lancer's ohio state football championship ! watch it here : <http> #lancersrolldeep		national		neutral		C000266		facebook		information
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! enjoy the day and be safe .		national		neutral		L000559		facebook		personal
deeply saddened to learn of my friend @franklautenberg ' s passing . frank , a wwii veteran , was truly a fighter & i was proud to work with him .		national		neutral		W000802		twitter		personal
what a wonderful night at state senator ken yager ‰ űşs chili supper benefitting the boys & girls clubs of roane county . <http>		national		neutral		F000459		twitter		personal
this week i introduced legislation to update and expand the child tax credit to help parents keep more of their hard earned money to use for the mounting expenses of parenting . take a look !		national		partisan		J000290		facebook		policy
great new from suffolk today : unilever , one of the world ‰ űşs largest consumer goods companies , will invest $ 96.2 million to expand and upgrade its lipton tea manufacturing plant in the city of suffolk . this expansion will increase production , allow lipton to stay competitive , and add economic stability in the region .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		information
honoring pow / mia recognition day . you are not forgotten .		national		neutral		T000462		facebook		support
david vitter and i are standing up for louisiana's veterans . today we sent a letter to va secretary mcdonald demanding answers for continued substandard treatment by the va .		national		partisan		B001255		facebook		policy
great to meet rachel edwards ( from charleston ) and her father gary today . rachel is a bone cancer survivor , and her strength is an inspiration to us all .		national		neutral		S001184		facebook		personal
compartiendo con la asociaciě_n nacional de constructores hispanos . la construcciě_n es un motor que impulsa nuestra economě_a . es una industria compuesta por hombres y mujeres talentosos que trabajan todos los dě_as para convertir sueě ± os ‰ űň desde una casa hasta un rascacielos ‰ űň en una realidad . los felicito .		national		neutral		P000596		facebook		support
@wdharrisjr lol , i'm happy to hear that . your career is worthy of much more than 140 charters .		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		support
ready for iditarod ! verne , nic and i will be walking the chute at the ceremonial start - hope to see you there !		constituency		neutral		M001153		facebook		personal
the house will vote this week to #defundobamacare and keep the government open .		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		support
touring the head start of san joaquin facility in stockton and meeting with the faculty who are dedicated to ensuring that all children are given the tools they need to succeed in their future goals .		national		neutral		M001166		facebook		personal
john attended the 9/11 remembrance ceremony today on the capitol steps . read his 9/11 statement here : <http> #remember911		national		neutral		D000620		twitter		information
about to unveil the unite hope wall ... <http>		national		neutral		R000395		twitter		media
today i was on fox news discussing president obama's immigration action . our immigration system is broken . i urge house republican leadership to allow a vote on comprehensive immigration reform .		national		partisan		S001193		facebook		media
senator corker has co-authored an amendment with senator john hoeven to bolster security on the nation ‰ űşs southern border as part of the immigration bill now being considered by the senate . the hoeven-corker southern border security amendment would double the number of agents on the mexican border and require implementation of a tough new border security plan before unlawful immigrants already in the country could be eligible for lawful permanent residence ( lpr ) or green card status 10 years after enactment . the border security plan is based on the u . s . border patrol ‰ űşs assessment of what the agency would need to maximally secure the nation ‰ űşs southern border . the amendment also strengthens interior enforcement by requiring that officials enforce current immigration law and deter overstays by initiating removal proceedings for at least 90 percent of visa overstays . ten years after enactment , the senators ‰ űş measure requires all five of the following conditions to be met before lpr , or a green card status , could be granted : - the department of homeland security , after consultation with the attorney general , the secretary of defense , the inspector general of the department , and the comptroller general of the united states ( gao ) , has submitted a comprehensive southern border security strategy to congress that includes minimum requirements for each sector along the border as identified by u . s . customs and border patrol and the plan has been deployed and is operational . - the border patrol has deployed , maintained , and stationed 20,000 border patrol agents on the southern border in addition to the 18,500 agents already stationed there . this means an agent every 1,000 feet along the southern border . - an additional 350 miles of fencing has been completed ( in addition to the 350 miles of fencing already on the ground ) . - the mandatory employment verification system has been fully implemented for all employers . - the mandated electronic entry / exit system has been fully implemented at all international air and sea ports of entry within the united states where u . s . customs and border protection officers are currently deployed . to read more , click here : <http> .		national		neutral		C001071		facebook		policy
w / students frm my alma mater @southwesteagles , @westmiamimiddle + #southside elementary 4 @mdcps hall of fame induction <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		other
mt @texastech was created by legislative action in 1923 . look back at a newspaper headline from that monumental day : <http>		constituency		neutral		N000182		twitter		information
. @askgeorge has been a dedicated public servant & his leadership on @edworkforcedems will be missed . i wish him the best in retirement .		national		neutral		B001242		twitter		support
joining the @markdavis show on @660ksky this morning just after 8: 30am ct . hope you'll tune in : <http>		national		neutral		H001036		twitter		media
if you come to the conroe office , you might get the chance to meet soraya . please give her a warm welcome !		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		information
rt @alldailyrepnews : garamendi backs bills on flood rules , insurance rates <http>		national		partisan		G000559		twitter		personal
president obama ‰ űşs executive actions to bring about fairness and accountability to a dysfunctional immigration system are lawful . that is settled . now , rather than attack the president , congress should work together towards passing meaningful comprehensive immigration reform today .		national		partisan		L000397		facebook		policy
happy 281st birthday to george washington . ‰ űďthe preservation of the sacred fire of liberty , and the destiny of the republican model of government , are justly considered as deeply , perhaps as finally staked , on the experiment entrusted to the hands of the american people . ‰ űť ‰ űň president washington		national		neutral		S001188		facebook		personal
new cbo report : increasing the minimum wage to $ 10.10 would raise wages for nearly 25 million americans : <http>		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		information
today ‰ űşs jobs report shows that job growth is still far behind our potential . it ‰ űşs #timetobuild the #keystonexl #4jobs <http>		national		neutral		S000250		twitter		information
i am deeply disturbed by reports of the irs targeting certain citizen groups based on ideology . like and share if you agree with my support for a congressional investigation to get the truth .		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		information
mt : @virginiafoxx : #ff #skillsact cosponsors : @repkenmarchant , @buckmckeon , @replukemesser , @drphilroe , @repmattsalmon , @repstevestivers ... "		national		neutral		R000592		twitter		information
i am looking forward to playing in the 52nd annual congressional baseball game at nationals park on thursday . i'll be wearing my university of washington huskies baseball jersey . the game is for a great cause as it raises money for charities .		national		neutral		S000510		facebook		personal
new therapy slashes breast cancer rates 50 % ; results unveiled in san antonio symposium <http> via @houstonchron		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		information
a bill to reform our nation's workforce training progress , an energy and water appropriations bill , and a pro-jobs tax bill are the major bills under debate this week in washington .		national		neutral		B001289		facebook		policy
congratulations to deseree horseson for winning the third district ‰ űşs congressional art competition . deseree ‰ űşs piece , tennessee calling , will be displayed in the capitol for the next year . great work deseree !		national		neutral		F000459		facebook		personal
the obama economy just isn ‰ űşt cutting it for hardworking americans ‰ ő <http>		national		partisan		M001165		twitter		policy
introduced @senatormenendez at his community forum on us policy in india feat . asst . sec . of state nisha disai biswal <http>		national		partisan		P000034		twitter		policy
( staff ): great turnout at tonight's community forum in mcloud .		national		neutral		L000575		facebook		personal
i applaud the president ‰ űşs speech tonight regarding jobs and technology . we must ensure the resilience of the american worker , and the adaptability and innovation inherent in our economy , to keep us at the forefront of global competitiveness . this is the silicon valley way of life and business , where the manufacturing sector employs 1 in 5 workers ( more than twice the national average ) , where breakthrough ideas are cultivated , and where the world ‰ űşs most successful visionaries and businesses call home . if we renew our national commitment to winning the manufacturing jobs of the future , bringing silicon valley sense to washington , and employ strategies that play to our nation ‰ űşs natural strengths , we should see a new golden age of american manufacturing .		national		partisan		H001034		facebook		support
thanks @repjohnkline from mn for cosponsoring hr 2453 to help seniors on #medicareadvantage keep their doctors .		national		neutral		R000598		twitter		personal
can it be any clearer ? lerner and #irs were covering their tracks ! <http>		national		partisan		D000600		twitter		personal
our message to the american people is this : let's get washington out of the way of how you use #yourtime . watch & rt <http>		national		partisan		R000591		twitter		personal
today , my staff spoke to the yell county retired teachers assn , including some of my former teachers & my mom , avis ! <http>		constituency		neutral		C001095		twitter		information
and when i think about all of you who donated and are such an important part of our campaign : <http> :/ / <http> #thankyou		constituency		neutral		B001259		twitter		constituency
hasty listing decisions can needlessly cost thousands of jobs , destroy communities , and even harm the species itself . <http>		national		partisan		P000588		twitter		policy
thanks to @mayornoak and #willcounty larry walsh for joining me @lewisuniversity airport for today's good news . <http>		constituency		neutral		L000563		twitter		personal
my interview w / @niawapo on @posttv , discussing ' 63 #marchonwashington and its legacy <http>		national		neutral		N000147		twitter		support
i know firsthand the impact a dedicated school nurse can have on a child ‰ űşs development in the classroom . today , on national school nurse day , be sure to recognize these professionals working hard to keep our children healthy and in the classroom .		national		neutral		C001036		facebook		personal
cleveland clinic cutting budget due to increased costs under #obamacare #trainwreck <http>		national		partisan		P000449		twitter		policy
talked w @billgates ab how we can strengthen american agriculture by making smart investments in agriculture research <http>		national		neutral		P000590		twitter		policy
video - #obamacare : full of higher costs and broken promises : <http>		national		partisan		M000355		twitter		attack
since october 1 , the house has been working to fund key portions of the federal government . unfortunately , most of these bills have been rejected by the senate or received a veto threat from the white house . all we are saying is #letstalk like / share if you agree .		national		partisan		H001055		facebook		attack
it was a tense few weeks at the capitol , but one thing that always lightens the mood is rep . earl blumenauer ‰ űşs famous homemade fruitcake . without fail , he delivers it just before christmas each year to republicans and democrats alike . in that same spirit of sharing , i like to offer earl ‰ űşs fruitcake to the squirrels and blue jays outside my office . they love it . happy holidays , earl !		national		neutral		D000191		facebook		personal
the president promised to work " hand-in-hand " with congress to fix irs targeting . we are waiting :		national		partisan		F000461		facebook		attack
it was great to meet the robinson family , especially four year-old zoni , when they came to talk about their experience at nationwide children's hospital and their burn unit . zoni spent 33 days in the hospital following an accident , six of those days were in an induced coma . what an amazing young girl and strong family .		constituency		neutral		T000462		facebook		personal
on floor to note #youth #traffic #safety month . motor vehicle accidents continue to be leading cause of death for #teens .		national		neutral		T000467		twitter		policy
it's official . i am pleased to announce that the standard medicare part b monthly premium and deductible will remain unchanged in 2015 . this is great news for the seniors and people with disabilities enrolled in medicare part b , which covers physicians ‰ űş services , outpatient hospital services , certain home health services , durable medical equipment , and other items . for more information please visit : <http>		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		policy
affordable birth control is a critical economic issue for millions of american women #notmybossbusiness <http>		national		partisan		D000216		twitter		policy
vean domingo @ 1130am p oir sobre mi viaje a #israel , disidentes cubanos , y enlace de #norcorea y #cuba en @michaelputney show . @wplglocal10		constituency		partisan		R000435		twitter		media
senate passed bipartisan #highwaytrustfund extension ; the speaker should stop playing games w / u . s . jobs and pass it <http>		national		partisan		L000174		twitter		policy
why is #potus so eager to negotiate with putin about syrian issues , but refuses to negotiate with congress over american issues ?		national		partisan		P000592		twitter		policy
today , on world aids day , we remember all who ‰ űşve been lost and impacted by this disease and renew our commitment to finding a cure .		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		personal
great news ! my bill to end lgbt employment discrimination is coming to the senate floor in the coming weeks . people should be judged at work on their ability to do the job , period .		national		neutral		M001176		facebook		policy
today marks the 13th annual national black hiv / aids awareness day . according to the cdc , african-americans make up just 14 % of the u . s . population , but account for almost half of all people living with hiv . i will continue my efforts to promote hiv / aids awareness , prevention , testing and treatment for all americans . there is more work to be done , and each of us must do all that we can to eradicate hiv / aids worldwide .		national		neutral		W000187		facebook		information
i ‰ űşm very proud of the @floridaprepaid program and all the success stories it has created ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
. @washingtonpost fact checker shoots down @whitehouse notion of smear campaign <http> #tcot #demandanswers #benghazi		national		partisan		H001058		twitter		information
corker : our legislation takes a three-prong approach to prevent the situation [ in ukraine ] from becoming far worse <http>		national		neutral		C001071		twitter		policy
we are often told that our budget is a moral document . but it is immoral to abandon hungry children . rt to oppose $ 20 billion in snap cuts !		national		partisan		D000610		twitter		personal
i was honored to participate in the stafford historical society ‰ űşs recent tribute to the historic warren mill , which recently reopened as the headquarters of the american woolen co . after working with ownership , state and local leaders and the talented workforce to help revive this eastern connecticut landmark , i was pleased to join in this exciting celebration of the mill ‰ űşs history and future .		national		neutral		C001069		facebook		personal
congrats to @laughlinafb on being # 1 of 12 air force bases in reducing energy consumption for last 6 quarters ! #usaf #delrio #laughlinafb		national		neutral		G000572		twitter		personal
approps committee approves the fy14 leg branch approps bill reducing house office budgets by 17.6 % since 2010 <http>		national		neutral		C001051		twitter		information
today i joined my colleagues to end the #gopshutdown and reopen the government . now , back to the real business ... <http>		national		neutral		C001063		twitter		personal
poll : a majority of americans want to reduce the deficit in a balanced way #stopthesequester <http>		national		neutral		M000725		twitter		policy
@hanzephyr thanks for reaching out . we'll keep your thoughts in mind as congress considers this issue further		constituency		neutral		Q000023		twitter		personal
if my constituents must suffer through the perils and unintended consequences of this horrible law , then i will be standing there with them doing the same . > > " rep . dennis ross is putting his money where his talk is on obamacare . the lakeland republican has shopped for private insurance rather than participate in the federal health care marketplace , surrendering a generous taxpayer-funded subsidy . "		national		partisan		R000593		facebook		policy
the goetz family from dexter squeezed onto my couch this week . thanks for visiting and hope to see you again soon !		national		neutral		W000798		facebook		personal
