chatting w / #lawrence mayor dan rivera about our expectations for tonight ‰ űşs state of the union address !		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		personal
the administration's unlawful exception for d . c . insiders was asking for a lawsuit , says heritage foundation . <http>		national		partisan		J000293		twitter		policy
i had the opportunity to join neil cavuto this afternoon to talk about a report that the phoenix va awarded $ 10 million in employee bonuses . that is completely unacceptable to reward bad actors within the va with salary bonuses for falsifying patient wait times .		constituency		partisan		W000813		facebook		policy
$ 3 gas a thing of the past : if you're feeling the pain at the pump , it doesn't appear there's any end in sight . according to an official at aaa , $ 3 gas is probably a ‰ ű ÷ thing of the past . ‰ űş but despite much needed relief from rising energy costs , this administration continues stonewalling the bipartisan keystone pipeline , which will create thousands of new jobs , increase domestic energy supply and reduce costs at the pump . ' like ' and ' share ' if you're tired of the obama administration standing in the way of energy and jobs growth .		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		information
thank you to all of the volunteers who participated in my adopt-a-highway cleanup event this past weekend in chino valley .		constituency		neutral		G000565		facebook		constituency
illegal immigrants already being released to neighborhood near you <http> via @watchdogorg		national		neutral		G000552		twitter		information
happy #constitutionday ! we are ever proud of those who stood boldly and declared these founding principles - ogh <http>		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		personal
as a cancer survivor i believe we must ensure patient access to quality cancer treatment by reimbursing providers equally in all settings .		national		neutral		R000572		twitter		mobilization
met today with vanderbilt university chancellor nicholas zeppos		constituency		neutral		C001068		facebook		media
targeting conservatives by day , partying by night - the irs .		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		other
. @siadvance : putting sexual assault cases in hands of unbiased mil prosecutors would " instill new confidence in military justice . " #passmjia		national		partisan		G000555		twitter		policy
starting the day off at the the range cafě © with sandoval county mayors . huevos rancheros with red chile , please !		national		neutral		H001046		facebook		personal
jackson needs strong , competent leadership . i've taken a good look at each of the candidates and have decided who i am supporting .		constituency		partisan		T000193		twitter		constituency
reminder : next week , my office will be holding mobile office hours in sachse and wylie . learn more : <http> #tx32		constituency		neutral		S000250		twitter		constituency
with small business confidence low and a 7.8 % unemployment rate , why hasn ‰ űşt the president ‰ űşs jobs council met in one year ? <http>		national		partisan		S000250		facebook		personal
when the wall street bailout was brought up for a vote in 2008 , congress was told there were limits on outrageous executive pay for companies being bailed out by the taxpayers . i read the bill and saw that this was not true . that was one of the reasons i opposed the bailout . now we see that despite earlier promises , the treasury department was readily approving big pay raises while middle class americans were losing jobs and seeing wages drop . once again , the middle class pays for the irresponsible behavior of others . <http>		national		partisan		L000563		facebook		policy
vilonia fire dept will receive funds to purchase new equipment for firefighters , helping protect those who protect us <http>		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		support
superstorm sandy left nj battered but not broken , without power not powerless and i'm proud we now have a new belmar boardwalk . check out photos from the re-opening event !		national		neutral		M000639		facebook		policy
i will be supporting the va reform legislation from the joint house-senate va reform committee , where i was a member and a chief negotiator . nothing is more important than providing our veterans with the care and respect that they have earned . it was a privilege to serve as a chief negotiator on the va reform conference committee . i am pleased that we were able to come to a bipartisan solution . these reforms expand the private sector care options available to our veterans , ensuring that wait times are lower , and convenience is increased . however , this alone will not fix the cultural problems that plague the department so as to guarantee quality care for our veterans in the long run . that's why i worked hard to ensure that the bill included measures that will hold bureaucrats accountable for failing to put our veterans first . these are important steps in the process of rebuilding the trust that has been broken between our brave veterans and the va that should serve them . the corrupt culture at the va won't be purged overnight and there is still a lot of work to do . i will continue to work with local veterans on individual cases and on the veterans affairs committee to address systemic problems that remain . <http>		national		partisan		L000564		facebook		policy
" i would be ignoring the law in a way that i think would be very difficult to defend legally . " - president obama 9/17 / 13 #executiveamnesty		national		neutral		G000560		twitter		attack
the president doesn ‰ űşt get to just decide he doesn ‰ űşt like congress and do his own thing : <http>		national		partisan		K000378		twitter		attack
' like ' your favorite artwork between april 10 - april 21 to choose our inaugural " people's choice award " ! support your favorite local high school artist . the student who ‰ űşs artwork receives the most ‰ űďlikes ‰ űť by 5:00 pm on april 21 , 2014 will be recognized as the winner .		constituency		neutral		R000586		facebook		information
sad to hear about robin williams . my prayers are with his family .		national		neutral		W000814		twitter		personal
we have several manufacturers of precision tools and components in our district , so it was great to finally tour the l . a . ntma in santa fe springs . the center helps train men and women for careers in tooling , machining , and the manufacturing industry . with a 90 % job placement rate , it's great to know that centers like this are producing professionals that meet the demand for a well-trained and skilled workforce in our district .		constituency		neutral		S001156		facebook		personal
held telephone town hall on women ‰ űşs health last night ‰ űň thanks @acognews & @ppmarmonte for taking part ! cc : @ppact <http>		national		neutral		B001287		twitter		personal
johanns , fischer introduce legislation to create commemorative boys town coins : <http>		constituency		neutral		J000291		twitter		support
friends - i hope you ‰ űşll take a moment to read and share my fox news op-ed on the epidemic of human trafficking . this week , congress will take up five bipartisan measures to help tackle this issue . we have a responsibility to do everything we can to protect the most vulnerable and innocent among us ‰ űóour children ‰ űófrom falling victim to these heinous crimes .		national		partisan		B001273		facebook		policy
approving #keystonexl " won't cost taxpayers a dime . " read excellent @wsj editorial on importance of pipeline <http>		national		partisan		H001061		twitter		support
rt @eduardobhatia : extraordinaria entrevista de @sanchezonline con @repjoseserrano explicando la crisis fiscal en los eu . @univisionpr @wka ‰ ű_		national		neutral		S000248		twitter		other
just voted to make sure president obama is held accountable to our hardworking , american taxpayers ! read more here : <http>		national		neutral		C001093		twitter		policy
why does keeping troops out of #syria matter ? if u thought #iraq was complicated this is 1000x worse		national		partisan		R000596		twitter		policy
proud to #standwithpeggy . pregnant workers shouldn't have to choose between a healthy pregnancy and a paycheck . <http>		national		neutral		N000002		twitter		support
i , along with congresswoman chu , announced the founding of the american sikh congressional congress yesterday . i am grateful for this opportunity to represent my constituents in washington .		national		neutral		V000129		facebook		personal
next week , will we see if pres obama's budget never balances ? yup . -> <http> check out our plan -> <http>		national		neutral		N000182		twitter		personal
i will be taking your questions live during a tele-townhall wednesday night . click the link to sign up . #idpol <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		media
mt @huckabeeshow sat @foxnews @huckabeeshow guests : @grahamblog @replankford @kimguilfoyle @markgeragos @gopblackchick @rcamposduffy		national		neutral		L000575		twitter		media
visited northern virginia community college this morning to thank #nova mission of mercy volunteers for the incredible dental and health services they provide to people in need .		constituency		neutral		W000805		facebook		information
i am concerned that , unless the international community responds in a unified manner , the assad regime will be emboldened to widen its use of chemical warfare and further destabilize the region and threaten us . that ‰ űşs why i believe that , together with our international partners and syria ‰ űşs neighbors , a surgical and targeted air strike is needed as long as it is limited to degrading syria ‰ űşs chemical weapons capabilities and does not involve u . s . ground forces .		national		partisan		I000057		facebook		attack
i'm pleased huntington ingalls is taking concrete steps to keep avondale's workers on the job . <http>		national		neutral		R000588		facebook		support
even conservative icons ronald reagan & justice scalia have recognized the need for commonsense protections from gun violence #nowisthetime		national		neutral		S000480		twitter		support
thanks to kendra from dallas and the stewarts from duluth for visiting the office today . #georgia		national		neutral		G000560		facebook		personal
the original chickenhawk . <http>		national		neutral		G000556		twitter		policy
congratulations to bmw group on producing 2.5 million bmws in south carolina over the past 20 years . vehicle number 2,500 , 000 was this mineral white metallic bmw x5 .		constituency		neutral		G000359		facebook		personal
so glad i got a moment during today's help committee hearing on the elementary and secondary education act reauthorization to step out and meet the steele family who were here for a tour of the capitol .		national		neutral		R000307		facebook		policy
severe weather is expected across maryland today . for tips on how to prepare for a storm , click here :		constituency		neutral		D000620		facebook		information
it was an inspiring day with constituents and caseworkers from the rhode island coalition for the homeless , house of hope cdc and amos house . i met with more than two dozen rhode islanders who are homeless or who have faced homelessness in the past . it takes tremendous courage to share such stories of struggle , and today ‰ űşs group was certainly brave . they were honest and open , and their experiences reinforce the importance of affordable housing in our communities . over the past decade , low-income families have experienced a 20 percent increase in spending on housing at the same time their incomes decreased by four percent . for too many families , that is not only unaffordable ‰ űň it is unsustainable . i look forward to continuing my work with these partners to increase access to affordable housing and to get rhode islanders who are struggling back on their feet .		national		neutral		L000559		facebook		support
cbo : the bipartisan comprehensive #immigrationreform legislation in the house will reduce the deficit by $ 900 bil over the next two decades		national		partisan		J000032		facebook		policy
tennessee is certainly leading the country in innovation and opportunity . this week , i ‰ űşm traveling through our district to visit manufacturers and local businesses . i toured teledyne ems in lewisburg yesterday , they manufacture products for the aerospace , computer and telecommunications markets . teledyne is currently creating a high-tech micro-electronics line , the first of its kind in our state .		constituency		neutral		D000616		facebook		policy
this morning at 11:10 a . m . ct i'll visit with shannon bream on fox news channel about my concerns with the irs implementing obamacare as well as the importance of creating jobs for americans by passing a series of smaller , targeted immigration reform bills . unfortunately , the senate's all-or-nothing approach to legislating resulted in one massive and flawed bill . please tune in !		national		neutral		M000934		facebook		support
@gianezmusic my pleasure ! honored to represent #keywest !		constituency		neutral		G000573		twitter		personal
spoke with students from quincy high school's government classes this week on everything from the economy to isil . <http>		national		neutral		W000798		twitter		policy
great #chicagotribune editorial to read this am on how the health care law's online health insurance exchanges are set to open in less than a month , on october 1 . yet , illinois families and individuals are still in the dark about how much they will have to pay for health care and what exactly their coverage will look like in 2014 . #trainwreck		national		neutral		R000580		facebook		policy
‰ űďthe fog of #obamacare ‰ űť op-ed in @washingtonpost today highlights the uncertainties obamacare brings to #smallbiz . <http> .		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		policy
today ‰ űşs sked : <http> house voting on senate-passed #vawa , but no bill to #stopthesequester		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		policy
this morning i celebrated veterans ‰ űş day in manhattan with a parade and ceremony organized by the flint hills veterans coalition . it was a privilege to say thank you to all who served .		national		neutral		M000934		facebook		personal
net neutrality is a real issue to karen , a small biz owner . read how an #internetslowdown could hit her bottom line : <http>		national		neutral		F000457		twitter		mobilization
. @arfishinhole with ms . sutterfield's ap government class ! #ar2 @conwayschools <http>		constituency		neutral		G000567		twitter		constituency
conyers-amash libert-e act will #stopgovtabuse of our #4thamendment rights . is your rep a cosponsor yet ? <http>		national		neutral		A000367		twitter		policy
this is the group that all democrats in the senate and 14 republicans want to give amnesty . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		support
sen . bernie sanders appeared on msnbc ‰ űşs morning joe on thursday to outline his agenda to help save the shrinking middle class . for starters , sanders said the u . s . must fix its trade policies that are sending jobs overseas , increase the minimum wage to at least $ 10.10 per hour and pass a federal jobs program to rebuild crumbling roads and bridges . the sanders agenda : <http>		national		partisan		S000033		facebook		personal
rt @houseappropsgop : fy14 milcon / va bill makes sure " our men and women in uniform have everything they need to do their job , " says @congcul ‰ ű_		national		neutral		C001048		twitter		support
read my op-ed in today's washington times regarding efforts to find a solution to moscow's ban on adoption of russian children by american families .		national		neutral		W000437		facebook		policy
senator ted cruz ( tx ) , senator rand paul ( ky ) , congressman steve daines ( mt ) , congressman ron desantis ( fl ) , u . s . representative john fleming ( la ) , grover norquist , and i spoke against the internet tax at a press conference yesterday . some say ‰ ű ÷ it ‰ űşs not a tax increase . ‰ űş well if this bill passes , at the end of a transaction there will be less money in the pocket of the consumer and more in the government coffers , that ‰ űşs a tax increase . share if you agree .		national		partisan		M001184		facebook		policy
many people think that congress regulates wall street , but in fact it is wall street that regulates congress . <http>		national		partisan		S000033		twitter		policy
families in bucks and montgomery county know there is no such thing as a free lunch ... <http>		constituency		neutral		F000451		twitter		constituency
after nearly three years , the #washingtonmonument will be reopening on may 12th . starting today you can book your ... <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
proud to be an honorary member of @greenmtncollege class of 2014 ! <http>		national		neutral		L000174		twitter		personal
the veterans history project of the american folklife center collects , preserves , and makes accessible the personal accounts of american war veterans so that future generations may hear directly from veterans and better understand the realities of war . if you know a veteran who would be willing to share his or her story , please click on the link for more information !		national		neutral		D000614		facebook		support
met w / the #nh manufacturing extension partnership today to discuss the importance of manufacturing to nh's economy <http>		constituency		partisan		K000382		twitter		constituency
big shout out to the #cbwest girls soccer team on bringing home the piaa class aaa state championship !		constituency		neutral		F000451		facebook		personal
this evening , the u . s . senate confirmed richard cordray to be the director of the consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) . i voted against mr . cordray's nomination . as the ranking member of the u . s . senate banking committee , i will continue to work towards oversight of the cfpb to ensure accountability and transparency for the american people .		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		support
it's 2013 and a woman still earns $ 0.77 for every $ 1.00 a man earns doing the same work . it's time for congress to stand up for equal pay !		national		partisan		V000128		facebook		policy
in this week's roundup , you can read about what's happening in west texas this week , an international outlook , and celebrating october as breast cancer awareness month :		national		neutral		N000182		facebook		information
we have a lot of wishes on our list and a very important one is keystone xl . #timetobuild <http>		constituency		neutral		F000461		twitter		policy
women play an essential role in our economy ‰ űóthey are job creators , health care providers , and new business starters . but today ‰ űşs tough economic times have hit everyone hard . house republicans have a jobs plan to get men and women back to work so they can take home more of their pay and provide greater economic security for their families . <http>		national		neutral		M001159		facebook		policy
managing the debate on funding national parks and museums closed during #gopshutdown .		national		partisan		M000933		twitter		policy
truly honored to receive the navy ‰ űşs highest civilian honor , the distinguished public service award , for a second time today . i will continue to advocate to protect our nation ‰ űşs military personnel , veterans , and their families , as they protect and serve us .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		personal
" child care providers serve a critical role in the safety and development of our young children , ‰ űť said congressman carson . ‰ űďwe have to hold these facilities and their employees to a higher standard ; administering background checks and requiring minimum levels of training are not too much to ask , and it ensures our kids are getting the very best service . "		national		neutral		C001072		facebook		policy
the keystone xl pipeline will damage the environment , lead to more greenhouse gas emissions , and will only create 35 permanent jobs . keystone supporters want us to believe we have to choose between pipelines and railways ‰ űň what about the choice not to take the oil out of the ground in the first place ?		national		neutral		E000288		facebook		support
the president's state of the union is tonight ! what topics do you want him to emphasize ? vote here !		national		neutral		M001160		facebook		mobilization
i had a great meeting with a group of dc interns from the university of alabama today ! <http>		national		neutral		S001185		twitter		support
rt @washingtonpost : a transcript of president obama's speech <http> #marchonwashington #mow50		national		neutral		C001067		twitter		personal
it's time to #cutwaste by choosing our national security over vacant federal properties : <http>		national		neutral		M001180		twitter		policy
#taxinversions are symptoms of a much deeper problem . let's fix our entire #taxcode . video : <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		policy
my opening remarks at today's @financialcmte hearing on @cfpb ' s consumer data collection : <http>		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		personal
the senate majority wants to extend ‰ űďemergency ‰ űť unemployment insurance without allowing a fair debate and votes on minority amendments . unemployment benefits do have a cost . this expenditure should be recognized and paid for instead of just adding billions of dollars to our debt every few months . people are having a hard time supporting their families , but the answer isn't a federal program that borrows more money . the answer is policies that allow the private sector to create the jobs people need .		national		partisan		E000285		facebook		policy
thanks to the delta county commissioners for meeting with me today to discuss critical issues including the protection of water and other private property rights .		national		partisan		T000470		facebook		policy
spoke with fox news last night about my interview with a state department #benghazi surivor . watch : <http>		national		partisan		G000359		twitter		media
i had a great time visiting alley pond environmental center this morning with rep . steve israel !		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		support
breaking : sinema demands discipline for ice disaster , says wakeup call for congress . www.sinema.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/sinema-demands-discipline-for-ice-disaster-says-wakeup-call-for-congress		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
the #dataact was signed into law yesterday , & will transform gov transparency by shedding light on runaway spending : <http>		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		information
this is the attitude rather than working with us <http>		national		partisan		C001076		twitter		attack
shana tova to all on this rosh hashanah !		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		personal
$ 25.4 trillion ‰ űň the proposed u . s . debt in 2023 due to the #obamabudget		national		partisan		C001093		twitter		policy
former washington post editor , ben bradlee was a journalism icon whose tenacity and determination to root out the truth was clear in every news article he touched . ben ‰ űşs legacy and impact on the world of journalism will be remembered , appreciated and honored for generations to come .		national		neutral		L000579		facebook		personal
england's last plane was called " missouri armada " <http> <http>		national		neutral		S001195		twitter		personal
‰ űďi believe the administration ‰ űşs request for funds to study how to eliminate nuclear missile silos is misguided . the fact is we can achieve the force levels required under the new start agreement without reducing silos and hurting our nuclear deterrent capabilities . i will therefore oppose such funding as the appropriations committee considers the fiscal year 2014 budget for the department of defense . ‰ űť		national		partisan		H001061		facebook		policy
i found this article very interesting . i encourage y'all to read it .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		information
instead of protecting americans , the #nsa endangered americans . rt @bloombergnews : the nsa knew for at least two years about heartbleed .		national		partisan		A000367		twitter		policy
foreign affairs committee hearing on syria . i remain opposed to military intervention , but am always willing to hear different points of view . this hearing sheds some light on the refugee situation . check it out here :		national		neutral		Y000065		facebook		support
as national #police week comes to a close , i want to extend my thanks to our national & local #oh5 law enforcement officers for all you do !		national		neutral		L000566		twitter		personal
the federal government is building the largest collection of personal data in the history of the republic because of obamacare . do you trust the government with your personal data ?		national		partisan		M001181		facebook		policy
and boehner kills #foia improvements " @nielslesniewski : a two-day cr is headed to the president . see you on @cspanwj at around 7:05 a . m . "		national		neutral		L000174		twitter		policy
proud to support @repdavecamp ' s bill to stop the administration from implementing new rules that unfairly target their political enemies .		national		partisan		S001176		twitter		support
hard to hide responsibility for #harryreidsshutdown if senate rejects house passed bill to to open national parks <http>		national		neutral		C001098		twitter		support
rt @militarytimes : lawmakers want to know more about va's quick progress on old claims <http>		national		neutral		H001041		twitter		policy
it was an honor to present staff sgt . bostwick with his purple heart today : <http>		constituency		neutral		J000288		facebook		information
i am extremely angered and saddened to learn of the intentional murder of james foley . this was a brutal , barbaric act ‰ űň his murderers must be brought to justice and the reign of terror by isis must end . my heart goes out to jim foley ‰ űşs family , colleagues and friends . we stand with them and stand against terror , malicious violence and senseless killings .		constituency		neutral		S001145		facebook		personal
look what city showed up on #jeopardy tonight ! #youngstown #ohio #trebek <http>		constituency		neutral		R000577		twitter		constituency
wrong ! didn't say this ! @seungminkim : mt @andiezd : . @roslehtinen : " cantor has lost.it pains me 2say this but immigration is officially dead "		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		policy
great to see the ct american legion in washington dc		national		neutral		E000293		facebook		media
debate has begun on my bill , h . r . 2009 , to prevent the irs from implementing or enforcing obamacare . you can watch it on c-span or at <http> .		national		partisan		P000591		facebook		attack
join rep . mckinley as he joins howard monroe on his show beginning at 9:06 this morning on wvly / wkkx radio . you can listen " live " by clicking below .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		support
happy 210th birthday , ohio ! the state motto states that " with god , all things are possible " and i couldn't agree more .		constituency		neutral		J000292		facebook		personal
what did you think of barack obama's speech on #immigration ?		national		neutral		C000141		facebook		personal
i am proud to have two schools in the seventh district to be named to the 2014 list of palmetto ‰ űşs finest schools awards . forestbrook middle and midland elementary were two of the five schools recognized for their devotion to their students ‰ űş success and commitment to excellent instruction . congratulations forestbrook middle school and midland elementary school !		constituency		neutral		R000597		facebook		personal
#irs bothers him rt @gretawire : bill the cat ... nothing bothers him <http>		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		personal
today , i joined colleagues in writing to house speaker john boehner and house democratic leader nancy pelosi to urge that fiscal year 2014 appropriations bills not include legislative language or ‰ űďriders ‰ űť in appropriations bill that would block efforts to reduce and prevent gun violence . for too long , special interest groups like the nra have used these legislative maneuvers to set back the most basic and needed efforts to prevent gun violence , ‰ űť esty said . ‰ űďthey ‰ űşve used these legislative maneuvers to curb the ability of law enforcement to effectively combat gun crimes . they ‰ űşve used these maneuvers to prevent basic research into the causes of gun crime . people ‰ űşs lives are at stake . families in newtown and families affected by gun violence across the country deserve better than legislative maneuvers from a special interest group and members of congress .		national		partisan		E000293		facebook		personal
there are approximately 400,000 people living with down syndrome in the united states and millions more across the globe . today , nearly one in every 691 babies is born with down syndrome . as a member of the congressional down syndrome caucus , i have been a strong supporter of legislation like the able act , which helps empower children with special needs to live as independently as possible . october is down syndrome awareness month , so please join me in standing in solidarity with all those affected by this disorder as we press on in the fight to understand , treat , and hopefully prevent down syndrome . #dsam2014		national		neutral		R000580		facebook		support
we can't get back $ 24 billion lost in econ activity in 16 days of #shutdown , but we can move forward on issues that have stalled long enough		national		partisan		S000030		twitter		policy
. @hhsgov has 64,750 employees . 0 can make it to testify @ tomorrow ‰ űşs #climatechange hearing . <http>		national		neutral		W000413		twitter		policy
icymi video : witnesses confirm uncertainty of definition of medical device : <http> #obamacare		national		neutral		E000291		twitter		policy
congratulations to the @warf_news innovation award winners , moving #madeinwi science and research #forward . <http>		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		support
looking forward to watching the fiesta bowl ! wish i could be there to cheer on the wildcats , but we voted today and have more votes tomorrow here in dc . proud to represent k-state and the entire manhattan community in 113th congress , which started today !		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
it was my pleasure to present gold medal winner tommy mikkelson with an american flag that flew over the u . s . capitol .		national		neutral		H001069		facebook		policy
vote alert : i voted for hr 3979 , national defense authorization act , passed 300-119 <http>		national		partisan		M001190		twitter		policy
kicking off a town hall meeting in fossil , my 23rd town hall in 2013 . <http>		constituency		neutral		W000791		twitter		constituency
in case you missed it : i joined msnbc's weekends with alex witt this morning to share my opinion on the situation in iraq . watch below .		national		neutral		B001270		facebook		personal
for this throw back thursday , i am not going to throw it too far . it is like the throw from the second baseman to the first baseman . every year during the congressional baseball game for charity , i wear a uniform from a different school in the 11th district . in 2010 , i wore a uniform from my high school , permian high school . this year , i will be wearing an odessa high school uniform .		national		neutral		C001062		facebook		personal
today i introduced the #repaysupplies act to permanently extend the deduction for teachers who pay out of their own pockets for supplies .		national		neutral		S001170		twitter		policy
it's important to note the difference between those at the va who are responsible for this mess , and those who work hard to give our veterans the care they need and deserve .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		policy
9:30 am ct : dhs secretary jeh johnson is testifying before the judiciary committee for the first time during our oversight hearing of the department of homeland security . dhs releasing detainees as a " cost-saving mechanism " - i'm thinking of asking about that . what else do you want me to ask sec . johnson ? post your questions below and watch live on c-span 2 or online here : <http>		national		partisan		F000460		facebook		constituency
i do not support efforts to exempt only members of congress & staffs from obamacare . i want every american exempted . <http>		national		partisan		L000564		twitter		attack
congressman henry cuellar ( tx - 28 ) visits juan de dios salinas middle school in mission , texas for the ribbon cutting ceremony gear up goal center <http>		national		neutral		C001063		facebook		personal
#tn04 i'll be on @supertalk997 in 15 minutes to discuss #obamacare , tune in		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		support
rt @househomeland : icymi : chairman @mccaulpressshop on @cbsthismorning on the #boston bombing investigation and yesterday's hearing : <http>		national		neutral		M001157		twitter		information
on the steps of the capitol with all my colleagues of the house and senate , honoring and remembering those we lost on 9/11 and the war on terror .		national		neutral		W000814		facebook		personal
report : diabetes numbers continue to rise in us - fox 29 news philadelphia | wtxf-tv <http>		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		policy
have to go now thanks for the questions . - lg		national		neutral		G000359		twitter		support
on saturday , april 5 , i am hosting a u . s . military service academy day for high school students from across the state . the event will run from 9:00 a . m . to 12:00 noon at the community college of rhode island ( ccri ) in warwick . this informational seminar is open to all high school students and their parents who are interested in learning about the requirements and procedures for seeking a congressional nomination and obtaining an appointment to one of the united states service academies .		national		neutral		R000122		facebook		support
another example of ‰ űďpass it to see what ‰ űşs in it ‰ űť ‰ űň clearly if you like your health insurance , you ‰ űşre at risk at not keeping it . we must repeal this #trainwreck		national		partisan		R000592		facebook		policy
my thoughts and prayers go out to @roxanneconlin and her family . carolyn and i wish you a speedy recovery .		national		neutral		B001259		twitter		support
staff is attending the mayor's oil and gas summit in carlsbad today and as you can see , it's a packed house . everyone is here to discuss the importance of the oil and gas industry to the state of new mexico .		constituency		neutral		P000588		facebook		information
sessions discussed president obama ‰ űşs budget plan this morning on fox ‰ űşs america ‰ űşs newsroom :		national		partisan		S001141		facebook		media
that ‰ űşs why i , along with nearly 200 of my colleagues , petitioned speaker boehner to allow a vote on raising the #minimumwage . #raisethewage		national		partisan		K000188		twitter		support
in it's latest round of scorecards , i ‰ űşm honored to be recognized with a 96 % rating by the league of conservation voters . after another record breaking year of extreme weather , longer droughts and rising global temperatures , it is critical that congress focus on legislation that combats our biggest environmental challenges . working against one of the most anti-environment congresses in history , i ‰ űşm proud to stand up for efforts that protect our environment and public health . learn more at : www.scorecard.lcv.org/moc/mike-quigley/		national		partisan		Q000023		facebook		policy
recording a message to our troops overseas wishing them a #happyholidays . thank you so much for your service . <http>		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		support
it is appropriate that bp be held fully accountable for its gross negligence and economic and environmental damage caused by the 2010 disaster . workers lost their lives and others their livelihoods . i personally met with small business owners , fishermen , hotel operators and tourism industry representatives who suffered tremendously from this catastrophe		national		neutral		C001066		facebook		policy
at an oversight hearing that i chaired , questions focused on state liberalization of marijuana laws and actions being taken by federal transportation agencies to deal with safety issues including impaired car and truck drivers , civil and commercial pilots and those operating passenger and freight rail trains . i am holding a marijuana testing device currently used in europe .		national		neutral		M000689		facebook		policy
king abdullah ii @rhcjo of #jordan ‰ űşs a key ally in fight against #isil . always an honor 2 speak w him , @joembassyus <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		policy
had great conversation with administrators at the john paul scroggins conference center in valliant . <http>		constituency		neutral		M001190		twitter		information
rt @senatorbaldwin : proud to work alongside these women - tb rt @pattymurray : our first #instagram photo ! my how things have changed . #tbt h ‰ ű_		national		neutral		M001111		twitter		personal
in light of the allegations that #syria used chemical weapons on its people , what do you think the us response should be , if any ?		national		neutral		D000598		twitter		mobilization
speaking this morning to the new mexico association of counties <http>		constituency		neutral		P000588		twitter		personal
thanks to the pawnee county folks who turned out to the town hall meeting in larned . these folks are ‰ ű_ <http>		constituency		partisan		R000307		twitter		support
. @cbseveningnews to say there is no al-qaeda affiliate organizing , helping & participating would be completely inaccurate #benghazi		national		partisan		R000572		twitter		policy
this evening marks the beginning of the holy month of ramadan , a time for sacrifice , helping the less fortunate , and prayer . i wish all those around the world who observe this holy month , ramadan mubarak ‰ űň have a blessed and generous ramadan .		national		neutral		B001287		facebook		personal
i will be live on msnbc's politics nation at 3:12 pm pacific time to talk about the gop's 51st vote to repeal the affordable care act when congress should be working on issues like extending unemployment insurance , immigration reform and job creation .		national		partisan		M000404		facebook		policy
thinking about those in oklahoma this morning .		constituency		neutral		J000295		twitter		constituency
thanks for your support ! mt @senorrinhatch : today is #nationalpediatricbraincancerawarenessday . hope you'll join me in fighting this disease		national		neutral		F000463		twitter		personal
in a rare moment , obama admits that it is apathy , not voter id that keeps minorities from the polls . so , what objection to voter id laws is left ? <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		support
if there are no negative consequences for breaking the law , then why would people stop ?		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		attack
sen . murray joins @corybooker to intro abc act : <http> #abc123 <http>		national		neutral		M001111		twitter		mobilization
thanks to uconn men ‰ űşs basketball victory over florida saturday , rep . wasserman schultz owes us burritos ! #gohuskies #bleedblue		national		neutral		C001069		facebook		personal
i was honored to host the discovery channel in our district this week as we discussed how we can improve stem education here at home . thank you to ihmc , the cade museum , hacker house , and progress park for sharing your work with us . we have some exciting developments in the works and look forward to hosting the discovery team again in a few months .		national		neutral		Y000065		facebook		personal
had a great townhall in lakeview today . i'll have one in burns tomorrow at 8: 30 am at the harney county senior center <http>		constituency		neutral		W000791		twitter		personal
hello , texas ! about to get started at #rptcon14		constituency		neutral		P000603		twitter		media
on andrea mitchell reports today i called for congressional debate and a vote from congress before committing any u . s . military action to an unwise and unpopular war .		national		neutral		L000551		facebook		support
today i led over 30 members of the house of representatives objecting to further funding cuts to the urban area security initiative ( uasi ) program and calling on the department of homeland security to restore funding to all cities previously eligible for the program . this funding is crucial for helping local and state law enforcement prevent attacks in vulnerable regions and any further cuts would be irresponsible and threaten existing capability gains .		national		partisan		H001038		facebook		support
it was great to see floridians visiting our nation's capitol for the #aipac2013 policy conference . #sayfie <http>		constituency		partisan		W000806		twitter		policy
today , i spoke about the special relationship between the philippines and the us , and our aid efforts to assist them through this tragedy : <http>		national		neutral		G000553		facebook		other
i join others in mourning nelson mandela ‰ űşs passing . his legacy will be an inspiration for generations . this is one of the ballots from the first free election in south africa . it hangs in my office as a legacy to his efforts to promote liberty and democracy for all .		national		neutral		K000381		facebook		information
a reminder at tonight's mtg from @mayordanrizzo : notify city if impacted by the tornado . <http> <http>		national		neutral		M000133		twitter		support
thank you to everyone who came out to the starr county health insurance marketplace community workshop that my office hosted this past saturday . over 120 people attended and received free information about how to enroll in the new health insurance marketplace , with assistance provided by local , certified organizations .		constituency		partisan		C001063		facebook		constituency
#obamacare is law of the land & millions of women are already benefiting . these political games could hurt them the most . #standwithwomen		national		partisan		M001111		twitter		support
i was immensely proud yesterday to award airman 1st class juan c . aranda , jr . of mountain view the air force commendation medal for act of courage .		national		neutral		E000215		facebook		personal
thanks to @rephorsford for helping to put a human , real-life face on the need to #renewui and fight for middle class . <http>		national		neutral		T000469		twitter		support
privileged to present mrs . anita piě ± a medals for the bravery and sacrifice of her late husband . medals for mr . rodolfo piě ± a include : - good conduct medal - presidential unit citation - european-african-middle-eastern campaign medal with 2 bronze service stars , with 1 silver service star - world war ii victory medal - honorable service lapel button wwii - marksman badge with carbine bar		constituency		neutral		O000170		facebook		personal
just six hours left to avoid a #gopshutdown . #enoughalready		national		partisan		H001063		twitter		attack
more regulations and stifling job creation is not good for america .		national		partisan		A000055		facebook		policy
it was amazing to see all the progress made by the foothill gold line authority at the track completion ceremony in azusa over the weekend ! this completes the installation of 28 miles of light rail track - - i look forward to seeing more progress in the future !		national		neutral		C001080		facebook		support
congrats to olympia williamson : 2013 air national guard outstanding guard of the year ! we're so proud and grateful ! #nationalguard		national		neutral		G000377		twitter		personal
#presidentobama is right . superstom #sandy & extreme weather events are not a freak coincidence & we must do more to combat #climatechange		national		partisan		L000123		twitter		support
i'm proud to join congressman mark sanford in introducing hr 3436 , a bill to increase independent oversight of the #nsa . please share his press release : h . r . 3436 : the nsa inspector general act of 2013 washington , d . c . ‰ űň yesterday , representative mark sanford ( sc - 1 ) , along with ten republicans ( including the rest of the south carolina republican delegation ) and two democrats , introduced h . r . 3436 , the national security agency inspector general act of 2013 , in the house of representatives : ‰ űďwith information continuing to drip out regarding activities at the nsa that at best raise questions about the legality of their conduct and at worst are in direct violation of the constitution , yesterday i introduced legislation to help correct this behavior , by making the nsa inspector general ( ig ) position a presidential appointment , to be confirmed by the senate , ‰ űť said sanford . ‰ űďthis process already exists at the cia , department of justice and the department of homeland security . ‰ űť ‰ űďright now , the ig is appointed by the director of the nsa , which curbs their oversight effectiveness because the director can remove them , ‰ űť added sanford . ‰ űďas recently noted in an op-ed by the former ig of the cia , britt snider , this lack of independence creates an environment where employees of the ig ‰ űşs office worry about their careers if their findings and conclusions are critical of the agency . ‰ űť ‰ űďthere are a number of reforms that need to be made at the nsa to ensure the agency is not violating the privacy of americans , but without a robust ig office , these reforms will lack the teeth they need to be enforced . in this vein , i feel this legislation is a reasonable and necessary step that will help bring positive change to the agency . ‰ űť representative sanford was joined in introducing h . r . 3436 by the following original co-sponsors ( listed in order of co-sponsorship ): 1 . paul broun ( r , ga - 10 ) 2 . mick mulvaney ( r , sc - 05 ) 3 . alan grayson ( d , fl - 09 ) 4 . kerry bentivolio ( r , mi - 11 ) 5 . tom rice ( r , sc - 07 ) 6 . eleanor holmes norton ( d , dc ) 7 . thomas massie ( r , ky - 04 ) 8 . justin amash ( r , mi - 03 ) 9 . trey gowdy ( r , sc - 04 ) 10 . jeff duncan ( r , sc - 03 ) 11 . joe wilson ( r , sc - 02 ) 12 . james sensenbrenner ( r , wi - 05 )		national		partisan		M001184		facebook		policy
senator ayotte @ foreign relations cmte reading senator bob dole's statement in support of un disabilities treaty <http>		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		support
white house says it will miss the legal deadline for submitting its budget to congress ‰ űň again . <http>		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		support
yesterday i introduced legislation to jumpstart the economy , grow the middle class , and fight income inequality . read the press release below to find out more : ( washington , dc / january 27 , 2014 ): congressman richard e . neal , ranking member of the house ways and means select revenue subcommittee , last week introduced legislation to jumpstart the sluggish economy , finance critical infrastructure investments , fight income inequality and create jobs . the invest in us act , extends and reauthorizes key bond measures beneficial for our states and municipalities , extends several critical tax credit initiatives , sets up an infrastructure bank , increases the minimum wage and provides small businesses with tax relief . " right now the u . s . economy is stuck in a rut , the unemployment rate remains stubbornly high and the growing income inequality in america threatens to derail our economy altogether , " neal said . " in december 2013 , we saw the economy only add 74,000 jobs , our lowest since 2011 . according to the bureau of labor and statistics , in 2013 the economy averaged adding 183,000 jobs a month . at this current rate , the federal reserve says the unemployment rate will remain above 6.5 percent until 2015 . this is simply unacceptable , and america can do better , and we must . the recession has wiped out 8 million jobs , and it is imperative that we get them back . that is why i introduced the invest in us act . this legislation will go a long way in creating an environment where our economy can take off by making the strategic investment needed to spur growth . furthermore , the legislation takes full aim at the growing income inequality by increasing the minimum wage , while also providing tax relief for businesses that hire new employees and buy new equipment . " below please find a summary of the legislation . the invest in us act at a glance : tax provisions ‰ ű ˘ new markets tax credit ‰ űňextends and expands the new markets tax credit program . the new markets tax credit program is made permanent , with an allocation amount of $ 5 billion annually . by permanently extending the nmtc , the legislation ensures that communities will continue to receive investments they need to renew , rebuild and refurbish neighborhoods for generations to come . ‰ ű ˘ build america bonds ( babs ) ‰ űň makes the babs program permanent , starting with a 32 percent subsidy rate in 2013 , and phasing down to a 28 percent subsidy rate in 2017 and thereafter . babs unleash job creation , economic growth and spur private-sector investments in infrastructure . from the inception of the program in april 2009 to when it expired at the end of 2010 , there were 2,275 separate babs issues , which supported more than $ 181 billion of financing for new public capital infrastructure projects , such as schools , bridges and hospitals . ‰ ű ˘ research and development tax credit . makes permanent and expands the r & d tax credit . the legislation also increases the the rate of the alternative simplified credit ( asc ) from 14 to 17 percent . ‰ ű ˘ amt repeal on private activity bonds ‰ űň eliminates the alternative minimum tax ( amt ) on private activity bonds ( pabs ) . pabs are a form of municipal bonds that are used by a variety of public and non-profit entities such as airports , seaports and student loan issuers . the amt penalty attached to these bonds results in higher interest rates which correlate to higher infrastructure project costs and higher student loan rate burdens . ‰ ű ˘ facility water & sewer bonds ‰ űň exempts water and sewer projects from the private activity bond ( pab ) cap . currently , the tax code limits the amount of tax-exempt private activity bond debt that can be issued annually in a state . the legislation excludes the pabs issued by water and sewage facilities from the state volume cap . removing the volume cap makes additional private investment capital available for these types of infrastructure facilities . ‰ ű ˘ work opportunity tax credit . - makes the work opportunity tax credit ( wotc ) permanent . the tax credit expired at the end of 2013 . the wotc provides a federal tax credit up to $ 9,600 for businesses that hire targeted individuals . since 1996 , the wotc has expired numerous times . making the credit permanent will end the uncertainty surrounding the credit for employers and potential hires . ‰ ű ˘ jobs training tax credit . the legislation incorporates senator menendez's common sense proposal that links community colleges with local businesses to train employees . like senator menendez's proposal , this bill provides $ 1 billion in funding for a competitive tax-credit initiative that encourages colleges and businesses to form job-training partnerships . the proposal also would provide a community college tuition tax credit of up to $ 4,000 to any u . s . based business that trains a long-term unemployed person for an open job that requires a certain type of certificate or other training credential . ‰ ű ˘ extends increased business expensing . this provision permanently extends the 2013 section 179 expensing and investment limitations of $ 500,000 and $ 2 million . this provision is effective for qualifying property placed in service after december 31 , 2013 . ‰ ű ˘ permanent of the 15 - year depreciation schedule . makes permanent the 15 - year depreciation schedule for leasehold improvements , restaurant improvements and new construction , and retail improvements . currently this is a temporary provision that must be extended annually . by making this provision permanent we are providing businesses with the certainty they need to undertake capital expenditures , which fuel economic activity and create jobs . other provisions ‰ ű ˘ infrastructure bank . in 2013 , the american society of civil engineers gave the united state's infrastructure a grade of d + and estimated that the us will need to invest an additional $ 1.6 trillion to fix our infrastructure . the invest in us act creates the american infrastructure financing authority ( aifa ) , which is an independent , wholly-owned government infrastructure bank , to assist in funding some of the critical infrastructure needs . under the proposal , department of treasury will make available $ 10 billion in seed money to encourage private investment in public works projects . it is estimated that this self - sustaining entity could be capable of leveraging as much as $ 625 billion in private investment by issuing direct loans , loan guarantees , bonds and debt securities . to keep both the costs and risks low , the aifa is also barred from financing more than 50 percent of any one project . increase in minimum wage . the legislation increases the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour from the current $ 7.25 . this increase is phased in over four years and in three increments of 95 cents . thereafter , the minimum wage will increase as the cost of living increases .		national		neutral		N000015		facebook		support
glad to see @interior award $ 9.4 m in grants to help native american tribes advance energy and mineral resources : <http>		national		partisan		G000551		twitter		policy
the house will pass a bill to pay federal workers for their time in furlough once the shutdown ends .		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		policy
today is the day . the washington monument is finally reopening . if you are headed to washington this summer , please contact my office . we can help with tickets , tours and are always excited when el pasoans visit .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		support
fueron jay-z y beyonce otorgados licencia p viajar a cuba o llegaron p medio d 3er pais ? mi entrevista c @telemundo <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		media
today is equal pay day ‰ űň a day that marks the number of extra days into 2014 the average woman has to work to earn as much as her male counterpart . almost half of all workers are women , and 40 percent of working women are the primary breadwinners in their families . when they ‰ űşre paid less it impacts everyone ; this is family economic issue ‰ űň not just a women ‰ űşs issue . that ‰ űşs why i ‰ űşm pleased the senate is considering the paycheck fairness act this week , a bill i ‰ űşm strongly supporting to help ensure equal pay for equal work . the house needs to follow their lead & take it up without delay . #womensucceed #nomadmenpay <http>		national		neutral		B001287		facebook		support
great crowds at the @mnaflcio & @minnesotadfl booths today . now let ‰ űşs go win this thing : <http> - al <http>		constituency		partisan		F000457		twitter		mobilization
rt @senatedems almost 270,000 veterans would benefit if the house took up and passed the senate's #renewui bill . <http>		national		partisan		T000469		twitter		attack
message 2 #obama : oppression in #cuba wont change while #castro brothers r in charge . more activists arrested before rally . #yotambienexijo		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
blowout preventers shd be failsafe , not destined to #fail . new @chemsafetyboard rpt on bp #oilspill says bops unsafe <http>		national		partisan		M000133		twitter		policy
#letsgooakland		constituency		neutral		L000551		twitter		personal
obama & senate dems give #obamacare break to big biz , stiffing hardworking americans #fairnessforall <http>		national		partisan		P000606		twitter		policy
new season of @duckdynastyae starts tonight . preview w / @williebosshog & @siduckdynasty <http> #duckdynasty		national		neutral		V000127		twitter		personal
‰ űďamnesty for those illegally here should not be tucked away and hidden within the national defense authorization act ( ndaa ) , ‰ űť rep . louie gohmert ( r-tx ) said in an emailed statement . ‰ űďwhen someone goes into the military they take an oath to protect and defend the united states of america . how can you raise your right hand and promise to defend the u . s . constitution , while you are breaking the very laws you are sworn to defend ? ‰ űť		national		partisan		G000552		facebook		policy
holding #irs accountable , putting national security first . watch my july 6 @actionnewsjax interview with @lynnseyanjax . <http>		national		neutral		C001045		facebook		media
for health coverage starting jan . 1st , you must sign up for @accesshealthct by end of today : <http> #getenrolled		national		neutral		E000293		twitter		support
talking with chuck boozer and freddi hammer this morning . #wrhi #sc05		national		neutral		M001182		facebook		information
the president is not a king . this is a constitutional republic , not a dictatorship . the president cannot void laws he doesn't want to follow		national		partisan		S000937		twitter		policy
orlando reps w / @ccassociationdc & clearsky came to discuss the impact of competitive wireless services in central fl <http>		constituency		neutral		W000806		twitter		constituency
icymi : @cnnkyra & i discuss my legislation on @ac360 that will battle child sex predators in the workplace watch here : <http>		national		neutral		R000593		twitter		media
thanks to israeli ambassador michael oren for stopping by my office today . really enjoyed meeting you .		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		support
proud to join six chester county fire departments last night to announce the award of a department of homeland security grant that will allow them to purchase 200 life-saving radios that enable them to better communicate in emergencies .		national		neutral		M001181		facebook		information
rt @jessicabowser1 : i rode 17.50 mi on the gerry connolly trail with @mapmyride . <http> #cycling #bike		national		neutral		C001078		twitter		personal
join me tomorrow during my office hours in new lexington from 3:00 p . m . ‰ űň 4:30 p . m . at the perry county district library . more details here : <http>		national		neutral		S001187		facebook		media
<http>		national		neutral		P000592		facebook		information
approximately one in four adults suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder each year nationwide , according to the national institute of mental health . last week , the senate finance committee passed an important bipartisan bill that i co-sponsored to help improve our nation's mental health care system . we have a model that works . now is the time for congress to act .		national		neutral		B000575		facebook		policy
" i dont care if it is a dem . or repub . president , this is about authority . " watch my full interview w / @seanhannity - <http>		national		neutral		P000603		twitter		media
did you know joe ‰ űşs office can help indiana small businesses having difficulty working with federal agencies ? check out the latest installment of ‰ űďjust ask joe ‰ űť to learn how joe helped a veteran-owned small business in cromwell .		constituency		neutral		D000607		facebook		constituency
coffee at barnes and noble in bismarck <http>		national		neutral		C001096		twitter		personal
exciting day at the grand opening of @imaginehousing ' s velocity apartments which will provide safe , affordable housing for kirkland families .		constituency		neutral		D000617		facebook		constituency
an interesting article on the administration's explanations of the disastrous roll out of obamacare .		national		partisan		B001271		facebook		policy
great testament to the dedication our men and women show towards those who have served .		national		neutral		S001183		facebook		support
check out this article in the st . louis business journal about how the sec is dragging its feet to help entrepreneurs raise capital and start businesses . bottom line , its unacceptable and we can do better : ‰ űďentrepreneurs all over missouri are ready to raise capital , start businesses and create jobs ‰ űó but washington is dragging its feet yet again , ‰ űť wagner said . ‰ űďas a member of the financial services committee , i will be working closely with my colleagues to cut through the red tape and find answers . ‰ űť <http>		national		neutral		W000812		facebook		information
enjoyed our visit , @haaonline ! <http>		national		neutral		C001048		twitter		personal
it has been said that nothing is more american than our national park system . today , i introduced legislation that would expand yosemite to include 1,600 acres that were originally intended to be part of the park . these parks are perhaps americans best idea and with this bill we remain dedicated to protecting them for future generations .		national		partisan		C001059		facebook		personal
a collision of two bright ideas of obama . cutting the military by $ 500 billion in 2010 plus sequestration , another $ 500 billion cut of the military collides with the notion of attacking syria because he shot off his mouth about a " red line . " his first idea takes away the ability to pay for the second one . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		support
thank you to carlos urias , director of military services , and the whole team at cedar springs hospital for sitting down with me for a comprehensive discussion on the ptsd issues we are facing locally . cedar springs is a powerful community resource , please visit <http> for more information		constituency		neutral		L000564		facebook		support
lots of mail and flags going out to #tn08 constituents today . want a flag flown over the uscapitol for ‰ ű_ <http>		national		neutral		F000458		twitter		support
today at 10:30 ribbon cutting ceremony at @soundviewpark ' s new track and field facility . glad to have played a part with @repjoecrowley .		national		neutral		S000248		twitter		information
join helen marie's hikers @maddonline 5k dash #walklikemadd on feb 9 @ 7:30 am @ tropical park ! stop drunk driving ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		personal
. @americanlegion , @iava , @amvetsnational , and @concernedvets release letters of support for #veteranschoiceact : <http>		national		neutral		B001135		twitter		support
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone at fort hood .		constituency		neutral		C001091		facebook		personal
the gop proposal sets no cap on interest rates & could cost students thousands of extra dollars . #dontdoublemyrate <http>		national		partisan		R000122		twitter		policy
great questions at this morning's town hall meeting ‰ űóbowie high school		constituency		neutral		O000170		facebook		media
our bill will help prevent prescription drug abuse and save lives .		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		policy
thanks to @neh_odh for awarding grants to carver library and louisiana endowment for the humanities for their bridging cultures collection		national		neutral		R000588		twitter		support
icymi : " earlier in the week , health and human services department officials said they were talking to the nfl , nba and others about possible advertising campaigns , in the run-up to the launch of a key part of the health care law . " happy to hear they have " no plans to engage in this area "		national		neutral		S000018		facebook		policy
convening #aviation subcommittee hearing at 10am on cause of delays to #faa's nextgen modernization program . watch <http>		national		neutral		L000554		twitter		policy
despite 4 years of trillion dollar deficits , i expect president obama to pitch many of his same failed policies tonight . what do you expect to hear ?		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		policy
corporations aren't people . but the supreme court is granting corporations the same rights as you or me . can a corporation fish ? no . join my #corpsarentpeople campaign .		constituency		neutral		T000464		facebook		mobilization
our hearing on ebola with liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf will begin at 10:30 . you'll be able to watch here : <http>		national		neutral		C001088		twitter		media
national day of the american cowboy is officially july 27 ! senator barrasso and i introduced a resolution that the senate unanimously passed last week to honor the accomplishments and contributions of cowboys across the nation . u . s . senator craig thomas started this tradition of naming the fourth saturday in july ‰ űďnational day of the american cowboy ‰ űť in 2005 and the day coincides each year with cheyenne frontier days . since thomas ‰ űş passing , we have continued the tradition in honor of his legacy .		national		neutral		E000285		facebook		policy
i will continue to push for change and reform in police departments across the nation . #ericgarner #blacklivermatter		national		neutral		M001137		twitter		support
today we celebrate a great alabamian whose statue is in the united states capitol visitors ' center .		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		policy
tomorrow is intl @womensday . from inventors to olympians , upstate has been home to many outstanding women ! #ny22 <http>		national		neutral		H001051		twitter		personal
california's #water crisis cannot go unanswered , and the house ‰ űşs unwavering commitment to find a solution has led to the california emergency drought relief act , introduced by congressman david g . valadao . due to the urgent nature of the water crisis , the house will vote on this legislation next week .		national		neutral		M001165		facebook		personal
happy mother's day to my mom , my wife and mother of my three boys , and moms everywhere !		national		neutral		R000597		facebook		support
thank you to all participants in saturday ‰ űşs terrific town halls in the city of woodland & marysville . these events help me gauge the pulse of the district and determine what issues and policies i should be advancing in washington ( more on the town halls here : <http> ) . stay in touch with our offices and look for more district events , including those on march 9th , by going to my website www.garamendi.house.gov fyi the woodland daily democrat appeal-democrat		constituency		neutral		G000559		facebook		information
today i am hosting a conversation about gun crime and violence prevention on the floor of the u . s . house . <http>		national		neutral		S001175		twitter		information
. @lowtheband hey ! i voted for farmers mrkt prgms in the farm bill & voted to bring troops home from afghanistan #soundoff		national		neutral		N000127		twitter		information
uscis officers : " [ corker-hoeven amendment ] will exacerbate uscis concerns about threats to national security and public safety ‰ ű_ this bill should be opposed ‰ ű_ hopefully , lawmakers will read the bill before casting their votes . "		national		partisan		S001141		facebook		policy
join me today in supporting safer internet day to set a good example for children and encourage everyone to talk about ways they can prevent cyber-bullying . i hope all of us - government officials , parents , teachers and student leaders - will recommit ourselves to making safer spaces for youth online . we can do this by making our own online communications more positive while encouraging kids to do the same . to learn more about the day visit <http> or click below for some excellent resources on navigating the online world with your kids . please help me share it and spread the word to others that bullying has no place in new mexico , online or offline .		national		neutral		U000039		facebook		policy
as the first-ever #immigrantheritagemonth ends , fort worth-born & raised constituent , gloria , shares her #welcomeus story .		national		neutral		V000131		facebook		personal
rt @watchdogfla : fla . @repdennisross condemns #nsa email spying , offers #relevancyact as solution <http>		national		partisan		R000593		twitter		policy
rep . johnson held a meet and greet at city hall in snellville on monday , sept . 23 .		constituency		neutral		J000288		facebook		other
i'll be live with my friend dana loesch on the dana show 3:00 pm et to talk about nsa surveillance . you can stream it live at the link below or listen on-air to 93.1 wibc-fm tonight at 8 pm et .		national		neutral		R000592		facebook		media
it ‰ űşs national small business week ! here's to small businesses in queens and the bronx - the engines of economic growth in our communities !		national		neutral		C001038		facebook		information
this legislation is about fairness and affordability . it prevents fema from unfairly increasing flood insurance rates on north dakotans and americans . the legislation includes our flood safe basements act to ensure that communities are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits . we need affordable and fair flood insurance premiums . we need to get this done . <http>		national		partisan		H001061		facebook		support
part of the great turnout to meet @carole_king yesterday at our des moines canvass kickoff . thanks cece ibson ! <http>		constituency		neutral		B001259		twitter		constituency
was recognized by the american conservative union ( acu ) for his conservative voting record . the group honored him as an ‰ ű ÷ acu conservative . ‰ űş ‰ űďsenator graham ‰ űşs acu rating of ‰ ű ÷ 92 ‰ űş for votes cast in 2012 shows a consistent commitment to conservative principles on a wide range of issues , ‰ űť said al cardenas , chairman , american conservative union . the senate , on average , voted the conservative position 39.28 percent of the time in 2012 . among the conservative votes graham cast that were part of the group ‰ űşs 2012 scorecard : ‰ ű ˘ approving construction of the keystone xl pipeline from canada . ‰ ű ˘ increasing domestic energy production through new oil and gas leases throughout the outer continental shelf ( ocs ) . ‰ ű ˘ opposing the national labor relations board ‰ űşs union-backed snap elections limiting workers ‰ űş rights . ‰ ű ˘ prohibiting the transfer of terrorist detainees from guantanamo bay to the united states . ‰ ű ˘ opposing the major expansion of welfare programs under the obama administration .		national		neutral		G000359		facebook		personal
thanks to rhode island school of design president john maeda for stopping by our dc office to discuss risd ‰ űşs stem to steam initiative . i ‰ űşm working to bring the stem to steam ( stem + arts ) discussion to congress .		national		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
i spoke today on the house floor about the ever-growing need for alzheimer's research and awareness . someone is diagnosed with this horrible disease almost every minute - this has to stop .		national		neutral		F000462		facebook		policy
you are wrong , sir . check your facts . @jpdtiga @afpnc : " you & most @gop congressmen caved & voted for a tax increase on the wealthy . "		national		partisan		H001067		twitter		attack
chris foley of houston-based abbot benefits expects 3/4 th of his clients to see ‰ űďa noticeable increase ‰ űť in premiums <http>		constituency		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
hope today illinois joins the growing list of states allowing all couples the opportunity to share love & commitment through marriage . #il4m		national		neutral		S001190		twitter		support
my q & a about fdic high risk merchant guidance & doj involvment from @housejudiciary hearing--watch : <http> #chokepoint		national		partisan		I000056		twitter		policy
. @ihealthbeat and @mobihealthnews covered my #telehealth bill . read here : <http>		national		neutral		P000608		twitter		policy
@jstj88 @fwd_us definitely ! top priority for this office & proud to join w / illinois members to bring cir advocates to #sotu tonight		national		partisan		Q000023		twitter		media
we need a strategic plan to stop the spread of #isis's hateful ideology and violence . #hjres123 #isis		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		support
this wk's #mondayreport : what a budget deal means for congress , a #farmbill update , stopping bullying w peter yarrow : <http>		national		neutral		N000127		twitter		information
nominating @uconnwbb coach geno auriemma & @uconnmbb kevin ollie for the als #icebucketchallenge . you have 24 hours : <http>		national		neutral		B001277		twitter		support
have you signed up for my weekly #oh14 e-newsletter ? please click here to add yourself to my mailing list : <http>		national		partisan		J000295		twitter		personal
just met with the jdrf southwest chapter to discuss the challenges of living with #t1d and the important research underway . it is time for a cure .		constituency		neutral		C000266		facebook		constituency
rt @markjgalvan : @rephuffman uncle is sm biz owner in @tommcclintock district suffering from yosemite closure . is ca delegation working tog ‰ ű_		constituency		partisan		H001068		twitter		constituency
another side effect of obamacare . <http>		national		partisan		B001243		twitter		information
many ppl spend $ 30 on a nice dinner . for those earning the minimum wage , $ 30 often has to last 21 meals #livethewage		national		partisan		L000551		twitter		information
#va06 staff open door meeting today in elkton at the community center . more details here : <http>		constituency		neutral		G000289		twitter		media
congress at your ... waiting room ? that's right . talking #immigrationreform , #aca & innovation economy in hayward .		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		other
in case you missed my interview on newsmax tv , you can watch it by clicking on this link . share if you agree we should be cutting spending instead of increasing it . <http>		national		neutral		M001184		facebook		policy
let's defund obamacare's state exchanges and medicaid expansion in the continuing resolution . <http> #tcot		national		partisan		B001283		twitter		attack
#obamacare means higher costs and less coverage . the obama admin's ' lie of the year ' is turning rapidly turning into ' lies of the year ' .		national		partisan		P000602		facebook		policy
iĺęam so proud of my mother , who raised me and supported our family through internment , and then as a san jose strawberry sharecropper . she was able to provide my siblings and me with opportunities she would never have imagined . in our modern , complex world , raising a family requires so much more . #whatmothersneed today is the support toĺęachieve the same things for their families . #equalpay #affordablechildcare #paidsickdays #paidfamilyleave #tbt		national		neutral		H001034		facebook		personal
i had the pleasure of skyping into the dublin city council meeting last night to thank my good friend mayor tim sbranti for his years of leadership and welcome incoming dublin mayor david haubert .		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		personal
thanks north dakota farmers union for the opportunity to address your convention		constituency		neutral		C001096		facebook		media
. @thehill : new regs on power plants could cost thousands of jobs & $ 30 billion annually per @uschamber <http> #tcot		national		partisan		H001058		twitter		information
i hope you'll join me for my facebook town hall this upcoming tuesday !		national		neutral		D000615		facebook		personal
general seitz epitomized what it means when we refer to his generation as the ‰ űďgreatest generation ‰ űť		constituency		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
#2million americans have lost much needed unemployment insurance . it's time to #renewui		national		neutral		T000469		twitter		mobilization
meeting w / local #braceros & staff & students from university of the pacific at the #smithsonian braceros exhibit <http>		national		neutral		M001166		twitter		media
will be on face the state with robb hanrahan @ cbs 21 news on local 21 cbs news , whp harrisburg at 11:30 this morning discussing iraq and the va backlog scandal .		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		media
#tbt rt @thedemocrats : what can you do for your country ? rise to the challenge to celebrate jfk's birthday today . <http>		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		mobilization
heading to the senate floor in a minute to talk about bipartisan deal to end shutdown and avoid default .		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		policy
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the shooting in kansas city yesterday . it ‰ űşs heartbreaking that acts of violence like these continue to occur throughout our nation in what are otherwise peaceful and tight-knit communities . as your senator , i will continue to work to ensure that we all can feel safe through every aspect of our daily lives : in our religious institutions , our community centers , our military bases , walking through our neighborhoods , and dropping our kids off at school .		national		neutral		B001277		facebook		support
i'm proud to see #vawa passed the house today <http>		national		neutral		S001145		twitter		support
conservative economist laffer : significant gdp growth , job creation to follow mfa passage <http>		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		information
i had the opportunity to travel to latin america with a congressional delegation to be briefed by u . s . and latin american officials on different areas where we can work in partnership . i was also able to meet many of our u . s . troops stationed in the region . my thanks goes out to them for their dedicated service to our country !		national		neutral		M001187		facebook		support
think about the dangerous precedent president obama's executive action on immigration sets for our country , that a president can unilaterally decide which laws to enforce . just imagine this : a republican president announces he will unilaterally suspend enforcement of the clean air act . it should be frightening to all regardless of political belief .		national		partisan		B001289		facebook		policy
rt @cerritospatch : la county police chiefs endorse rep . sěánchez gun violence prevention bill <http>		national		neutral		S001156		twitter		support
humbled to be a part of history today and join president obama as he signs an inclusive and expanded violence against women act that protects all victims of these heinous crimes . you can watch live at 12:55 pm cst : <http>		national		partisan		P000607		facebook		media
finding a path to 21st century cures --> <http> don't miss my op-ed with @repdianadegette via @huffpostpol #path2cures		national		neutral		U000031		twitter		personal
be a voter ! come out this saturday and cast your ballot for @billcassidy ! #votecassidy <http> <http>		constituency		partisan		C001075		twitter		personal
spent quality time with our next potus ( on tv ) , @officialjld to talk life as women leaders : <http> . <http>		national		neutral		P000197		twitter		personal
my interview on msnbc yesterday . <http>		national		neutral		J000032		facebook		media
congrats to emma joy galvin on receiving 2013 angels in adoption award for her work to improve the lives of children . <http>		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		personal
wishing a very happy birthday to @repvisclosky .		national		partisan		H000874		twitter		policy
called on the @usdotfra to release info about inspections before the #casseltonderailment to review quality of rails . ( 1/2 )		national		partisan		H001069		twitter		information
. @theobserver editors agree the president's admin earned their reputation for obfuscation & disregard for failures <http>		national		partisan		P000606		twitter		attack
i ‰ űşm excited to welcome google barge to the port of stockton . our region has tremendous resources and i know google will find its stay in stockton rewarding . read more about google barge here : <http> and take a look at my letter to google ceo larry page welcoming their company to our community <http> .		national		neutral		M001166		facebook		support
joyce found another bat in the house . she let him go off the porch . #notthefirsttime #onlyinaz #azliving <http>		national		neutral		S001183		twitter		personal
i will continue to work with all parties to see if a solution can be reached and future job losses can be prevented . #noranda		national		neutral		S001195		twitter		support
met w / the art teacher , ms . deirdre daniel at winter haven high to share info about the congressional art competition <http>		national		neutral		W000806		twitter		personal
c-o-n-g-r-a-t-u-l-a-t-i-o-n-s to north schuylkill eighth-grader devina singh who has advanced on to the third round of the scripps national spelling bee preliminaries today by correctly spelling romaji ! you can watch round three now on espn 3 . #spellingbee		constituency		neutral		C001090		facebook		personal
on ‰ űďjansing & co . ‰ űť this morning , i talked about the need to stop the republicans government shutdown , and then work on a long-term bipartisan solution to our fiscal challenges , as democrats have long called for . <http>		national		partisan		H000874		facebook		policy
congrats @mentorschools jacob pollack on achieving the rank of eagle scout ! @boyscouts <http>		constituency		neutral		J000295		twitter		personal
#fy15ndaa i have three amendments under the readiness subcommittee 1 . language requesting a gao review of dod arctic capabilities by february 6 , 2015 . this review is very important to us northern command ( northcom ) based at peterson afb in colorado springs . 2 . language requiring the dod to conduct a joint land use study on the air force academy , peterson afb , and fort carson to ensure that they continue to enjoy good relationships with the surrounding community moving into the future . 3 . language clarifying that national security should be a priority for public land use .		national		partisan		L000564		facebook		policy
president obama ‰ űşs lack of enforcement of our immigration laws have hurt not just our economy , it has hurt public safety .		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
tune in as i appear on starting point with soledad o'brien on cnn from 7 to 9am tuesday morning to preview the president's state of the union .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		media
there are currently 19 house republicans who have stated on the record that they would support a clean continuing resolution if it came to the floor . combined with the 200 democrats , these votes would reach the 218 votes needed for a majority . we could end the shutdown that has put hundreds of thousands of americans out of work and shuttered the federal government in 20 minutes if speaker boehner would allow a vote on the floor of a clean continuing resolution . #demandavote and end #gopshutdown . <http>		national		partisan		C001063		facebook		policy
thanks to li farm bureau for hosting me to speak directly with farmers about issues most important to them <http>		constituency		neutral		B001242		twitter		constituency
congrats to our european partners in space exploration for landing the first-ever spacecraft on a comet .		national		neutral		N000032		twitter		personal
from the commercial appeal : " from an education standpoint , the tennessee lottery has been extremely successful . " i worked for 20 years to create it .		national		neutral		C001068		facebook		support
chairman @darrellissa ‰ űşs decision to silence a fellow member of congress was outrageous & disrespectful ... not how the house should be run .		national		neutral		P000197		twitter		attack
share to join me in wishing megan bozek & team usa women's hockey good luck in their playoff game tomorrow . track all the #illinois olympians : <http>		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		personal
who is isil ? like many things in the middle east , the answer is complicated . the group was initially called isis for their control of land in iraq and syria , but their objectives are larger . the name " isil " references their desire to capture a broad area , including land from israel to iraq known as the levant . wherever it marches , isil flies a black banner of death that threatens innocent persons .		national		neutral		F000449		facebook		information
happening now : sen . sanders is on @msnbc talking health care with @wegoted .		national		neutral		S000033		twitter		media
" we ‰ űşll reward schools that develop new partnerships with colleges .. classes that focus on science , technology , engineering , and math . " #stem		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		support
great to talk business and economic development at the merrimack valley chamber of commerce legislative breakfast yesterday . thanks for having me !		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		information
rt @repmartharoby : proud to join my friends @repcorygardner , @reprichhudson , @repkevinyoder , @reptimgriffin & @repmgriffith to discuss #aff ‰ ű_		national		neutral		Y000063		twitter		information
#obamacare vexing small businesses , courtesy of @pittsburghpg <http> #trainwreck		national		partisan		M001181		twitter		policy
. @markpoloncarz even i can hang out with dems from time to time , but on this one we'll excuse the staff typo . <http>		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		support
rt @stewsays : sen . mcconnell speaking now on the president's controversial nominee to the dept . of labor .		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		information
so good to see you too ! best of luck to you . rt @matthewbagwill : so it was pretty awsome to see @rephartzler at her office . #inspired		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		support
proud that potus & house dems are addressing the $ 11,607 yearly gap b / w full-time working men & women . #nomadmenpay <http>		national		neutral		S001185		twitter		support
i voted no on the motion to adjourn . motions to adjourn are sometimes made in protest or so members of congress can make a point by rejecting them , but i'm told the point of this vote was simply to extend the current session by a few minutes ( presumably so leadership can whip us on an upcoming vote ) . the motion failed 1-415 .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		policy
i'm an original cosponsor for congressman upton's bill . if you like your insurance , you should be able to keep it . click " like " to join me . <http>		national		neutral		B001243		facebook		policy
it was great to be in columbus on tuesday to congratulate cummins on its announcement that the 5.0 liter v8 turbo diesel engine will power the next generation titan pickup truck . the return of engine production to the columbus engine plant is great news for the local community .		national		neutral		M001189		facebook		personal
very proud of #teamusa and #idaho ‰ űşs olympians . #olympics #sochi2014		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		support
this morning fort bliss officials announced that some radiation contamination has been detected in a weapons storage building at biggs airfield . fort bliss officials are working closely with the u . s . air force safety center , the army environmental command and other appropriate agencies to determine the nature and specific extent of the contamination . in the meantime , the area has been closed off to all personnel . additional environmental and medical evaluations are expected in about a week . the affected bunker and other nearby bunkers were once used to assemble nuclear bomb sections . they are currently used to store equipment for national guard units that are preparing for deployment . i have been in contact with major general macfarland and i am working with him and fort bliss leadership to ensure that all necessary measures are taken to protect , inform , and help anyone who might have been affected . for the latest information , please visit the el paso times website : <http> . fort bliss has set up a number of hotlines for people to learn more about the situation . please call (915) 744-1255 , (915) 744-1962 , (915) 744-8263 or (915) 744-8264 for more information .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		policy
remember rep . paul ryan ? the failed republican candidate for vice president has been relatively quiet as tea party extremists have commandeered his party and the debate over the government shutdown . but the house budget committee chairman waded into the debt-limit debate in a column published wednesday in the wall street journal . he said he would consider letting the government avoid default if ‰ űďentitlement reform ‰ űť is a part of the deal . translation : he wants to cut social security benefits and change medicare . don't make seniors , veterans pay for the shutdown : <http>		national		partisan		S000033		facebook		policy
thanks to the good people of both southampton county and the city of franklin for their time and hospitality this week . we are fortunate to have such tight knit communities such as these - that are rich in history , agriculture and manufacturing .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		support
my good friend , eric marts ‰ űň a blind veteran who hosts heroes of the heartland on wday 970 radio ( you can tune in saturday mornings at 11:00 amct ) - - has overcome obstacles that i can ‰ űşt begin image . seven years ago , eric was hit by a roadside bomb while deployed in iraq and soon after lost vision in both of his eyes . he is a great man , who is working hard to support fellow veterans , and discuss the challenges facing veterans today ‰ űň whether it ‰ űşs issues with the va health care system or adjusting to life after deployment . i ‰ űşm thrilled that eric and his wife , bobbie , will soon be able to move out of their trailer and into a house big enough for the two of them , and with features to help eric do things on his own courtesy of homes for our troops . watch eric and bobbie ‰ űşs inspiring story below .		national		neutral		H001069		facebook		personal
met w / @usgao re : #arctic policy . us has enviro , economic & natl sec interests in region & must prioritize them better <http>		national		partisan		L000560		twitter		policy
honored to lead a bipartisan group of colleagues in a wreath laying ceremony at yad vashem : world holocaust center , jerusalem .		national		neutral		I000057		facebook		personal
had a great time at the napa county silverado july 4th parade ! many thanks to everyone who makes this event possible .		constituency		neutral		T000460		facebook		personal
what a wonderful thing to do . i'm so thankful for folks like this and what they do for the community !		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		information
#tbt to when i joined @repjohnlewis & actor activist @ijessewilliams at @whitehouse for launch of #mybrotherskeeper . <http>		national		partisan		S001185		twitter		constituency
learn more about passport day below !		national		neutral		M001160		facebook		policy
today ‰ űşs schedule : the republican-led house of representatives continues to waste time without taking action on legislation to create jobs , enda , or comprehensive immigration reform .		national		partisan		H000874		facebook		policy
berkeley heights assistance to firefighters grant will enable unprecedented communication <http>		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		personal
the robotics teams from kohala high and kohala middle showed off their stem skills to congresswoman tulsi gabbard today and even let her test drive one of their robots ! rep . gabbard honored the students and their mentors for a successful 2013-2014 season and wished them the best in the year ahead .		constituency		neutral		G000571		facebook		personal
@sendancoats great movie !		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		personal
today @speakerboehner named the r members of the #benghazi select committee . i am confident their work will help us uncover the truth .		national		neutral		S001154		twitter		support
. @univmiami faceoff biggest rivals @floridastate seminoles ! impt game of the week as #canefam will b rooting 4 #theu 2 #beatfsu ! #gocanes !		constituency		neutral		R000435		twitter		personal
enjoyed speaking this afternoon with raymond salata , christian anheluk , haley lund , and harshita gaba . these talented high school students are representing north dakota during this year ‰ űşs boys and girls state .		constituency		neutral		H001061		facebook		information
if you have qs about how the exec action announced by pres . obama yesterday will affect you & your family , go to <http>		national		neutral		C001097		facebook		policy
let's go , huskies ! #uconn		national		neutral		C001069		twitter		personal
i voted against a budget bill today that would have extended the terrible effects of sequester--these indiscriminate cuts are already dragging down the economy and impacting seniors , children , and working families .		national		partisan		P000597		facebook		policy
the bloomfield fire department is receiving a $ 1 million grant . with new mexico facing the threat of a longer fire season , these federal funds are a critical component to ensuring that the bloomfield area has the personnel it needs to protect the community . new mexico ‰ űşs firefighters serve with distinction in harm ‰ űşs way and we must do all we can to see that they have the resources they need to do their jobs as safely and effectively as possible . this investment will contribute greatly to that effort .		constituency		neutral		L000570		facebook		policy
an attack on seniors and veterans : with senior poverty in the united states significantly increasing , sen . bernie sanders on monday expressed deep concern that social security recipients , disabled veterans and federal retirees may receive only a 1.5 percent cost-of-living adjustment next year . the estimate that the typical retiree is in line for only a $ 17 a month raise , one of the smallest increases ever , was made by the associated press . the projection comes at a time when congressional republicans , led by house budget committee chairman paul ryan , have used the government shutdown as leverage to renew their push to cut benefits even more . the republicans and some democrats want to change how inflation is calculated by adopting a so-called chained consumer price index . the chained cpi also would lower benefits for disabled veterans and federal retirees . continue reading here : <http>		national		partisan		S000033		facebook		policy
. @provphoenix : " a senator walks into a bar in matunuck ‰ ű_but it's no joke . " <http>		national		partisan		W000802		twitter		policy
today : farmington , ehartford , willimantic , thompson , hartford , manchester .		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		personal
do you agree with the 53 % of americans who believe we should repeal obamacare ?		national		neutral		S000250		facebook		support
on monday i was lucky enough to participate in and speak at a " helping a hero " groundbreaking event on a new home for a wounded warrior in cypress , tx . we have a duty to fulfill president lincoln's promise to " care for him who shall have borne the battle , and for his widow , and his orphan . ‰ űť helping a hero is doing this each and every day and i am humbled every time i am able to be at one of these events .		constituency		neutral		M001157		facebook		information
today sen . murray met w / a #kennewick woman searching for #vietnam era pilot's remains : <http> <http>		national		neutral		M001111		twitter		personal
this morning , we heard president obama emphatically state that ‰ ű ÷ the world set a red-line ‰ űş regarding the use of chemical weapons by bashar al-assad ‰ űşs regime . given his statement , i felt it was appropriate to ask secretary kerry during his testimony if the world would join the united states in responding with multi-lateral military force . unfortunately , secretary kerry ‰ űşs response was unconvincing and led me to believe that the united states would be left to strike unilaterally and without a broad coalition of other nations . during today ‰ űşs hearing , the obama administration had an opportunity to make their case for military intervention in syria ‰ űşs long-standing civil war . after listening to today ‰ űşs testimony , i am , at this time , opposed to the use of u . s . military force because the administration failed to present a convincing argument that the events in syria pose a clear threat to america , failed to list a strong coalition of nations willing to support military attacks , and failed to articulate a clear definition of victory . while the use of chemical weapons should not be tolerated by any nation or regime , the administration has not clearly answered these important questions , and therefore , has yet to convince the american people that military action is necessary at this time .		national		partisan		S000018		facebook		policy
had a wonderful meeting with @senatorcardin this afternoon .		national		neutral		D000620		twitter		personal
obama's best-ever jobs report ? below average . obama is putting the " o " in mediocre . <http>		national		partisan		S000937		twitter		other
rt @nihdirector : strong words of support for biomedical research from eric cantor and others at milken global conference . #2013gc #nih		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		personal
thanks again to @algore for making the time to speak at #eedayri . and icymi , here is the video of his speech : <http>		national		neutral		W000802		twitter		support
rt @speakerboehner : 150 years ago , today , abraham lincoln sparked a " new birth of freedom " w / his #gettysburgaddress : <http>		national		neutral		G000558		twitter		support
i asked you to send in your favorite photos from fourth of july , and this is one of my favorites . this photo was sent in by eira corral from hanover park . it is nice to see such celebration in the 8th district !		national		neutral		D000622		facebook		support
over the past decade - under the leadership of four chairman with diverse political views - the members of the judiciary committee have vigorously debated the proper balance between public safety and the constitutional right to privacy . we never - at any point during this debate - approved the type of unchecked , sweeping surveillance of united states citizens employed by the federal government in the name of fighting the so-called war on terrorism		national		partisan		C000714		facebook		support
wishing you and your family a happy and safe independence day . #july4th		national		neutral		D000197		facebook		personal
mt @replindasanchez : @housegop shouldn't limit access to quality #earlyed . we should instead invest in our future ! <http>		national		neutral		T000468		twitter		support
great season opener @spurs <http> via @mysa #gospursgo		national		neutral		C001091		twitter		personal
" while searching for its mission , the atf has been plagued by decades of high-profile blunders . " <http>		national		partisan		S000244		twitter		information
cbo confirms what we knew : #obamacare will destroy millions of full-time #jobs . this law is a #trainwreck . <http>		national		partisan		B000575		twitter		policy
@alandapp82 it was great to meet y'all . go hogs !		national		neutral		P000590		twitter		support
about to be on the @tomroten morning show - be sure to tune in !		national		neutral		M001184		twitter		media
i was so proud to join rhode island housing and partners today to celebrate the opening of a new affordable housing development in jamestown . not only will this unit provide safe , affordable homes for individuals with developmental disabilities , it will also provide residents with the support they need to pursue careers and meaningful lives . thanks to ri housing for the great work on this project .		national		neutral		W000802		facebook		personal
even though the cromnibus bill passed despite my no vote , the bill has a lot of things for conservatives to like , and it gives us additional chances early next year to stop the president ‰ űşs unlawful amnesty policy .		national		partisan		F000461		facebook		policy
tomorrow , the house will vote on my bill to incentivize small biz to hire veterans and provide relief from the aca <http>		national		neutral		D000619		twitter		policy
we want to hear from you ‰ űň what ‰ űşs your favorite thing about southern california ? there ‰ űşs so much to love about southern california ‰ űň the beaches , the food , the beer , the natural beauty , the people . as you may know , darrell ‰ űşs district has changed slightly to now include solana beach and rancho santa fe in san diego county and san clemente , dana point , san juan capistrano , coto de caza and ladera ranch in orange county . the 49th district still includes carlsbad , encinitas , vista , oceanside , del mar and camp pendleton in san diego county . in order to get to know our new constituents better , darrell wants to hear from you . what is your favorite thing about your community ? please comment in the box below and ‰ ű ÷ share ‰ űş this with your friends so they can join in on the discussion . - team issa		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		personal
for up-to-date information on my work in washington be sure to also follow me on twitter !		national		neutral		V000129		facebook		personal
president obama is trying to find common ground with house and senate republicans to grow our economy and reduce the federal deficits . i support his attempts to unite members of congress from both parties to move our country forward . and at a time when millions of americans are still out of a job , no one should oppose the president ‰ űşs plans to reignite american manufacturing and train our workers with the skills they need to compete in the global economy .		national		neutral		B000287		facebook		policy
bbc news - parkinson's stem cell ' breakthrough ' we can rebuild the walls ... if we have a mind to work . <http>		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		support
march 2nd - 8th is national consumer protection week . visit <http> for tips and information from government agencies and non-profit organizations that help protect consumers .		national		neutral		C001072		facebook		policy
hosted a veterans claim backlog town hall today at the #pleasanton vfw hall w / va oakland director bragg . #ca15		constituency		neutral		S001193		facebook		personal
fl delegation shining spotlight on va health care in sunshine state <http>		constituency		neutral		B001260		twitter		support
honored to receive the congressional management foundation's silver mouse award today for the way i connect and communicate with you , the constituents of #oh15 , via my website . make sure to visit <http> to learn more on how i'm here to assist you ! #ohio <http>		national		neutral		S001187		facebook		policy
pausing to honor those at #tiananmen who stood up for human rights and democracy in china . <http> <http>		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		personal
i voted yes on the meadows of nc amendment to h r 2217 , which prohibits the department of homeland security ( dhs ) from entering into new contracts for ammunition purchases until it submits a report required by the underlying bill on the purchase and use of ammunition by the department . dhs has reportedly purchased as many as 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition over the last year , with even more purchases planned . the american people and members of congress rightfully have questions about these purchases , and it's appropriate to halt new contracts until these questions are answered . it passed 234-192 .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		support
" obama ‰ űşs extreme use of executive discretion " @georgefwill in @washingtonpost : <http>		national		partisan		T000250		twitter		attack
watch jansing & co . on msnbc at 10:00 a . m . i'll discuss the challenges with the healthcare.gov website and the related energy & commerce committee hearings .		national		neutral		B001251		facebook		support
innovative conservation projects in miss . get @usda_nrcs support to improve soil health , water quality . <http> #farmbill		constituency		partisan		C000567		twitter		policy
kyrsten met with boilermakers local 627 about protecting current jobs , creating new jobs and restoring the middle class .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		policy
do you know a veteran who needs help accessing his / her benefits ? our casework team can help , call 602-956-2285 or <http> .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		information
just about to join @seanhannity ' s radio show at about 4:05 pm et , listen live <http>		national		neutral		G000560		twitter		media
great piece in today's lawrence eagle-tribune highlighting my visit to gssi in salem yesterday - - an incredibly innovative company that produces cutting-edge products right here in nh . thanks so much for having me !		national		neutral		K000382		facebook		personal
wmicentral.com ran this item today about our #az01atwork tour visit to the eagar sawmill , which is contributing to the local economy in the white mountains .		constituency		neutral		K000368		facebook		information
today i introduced the safe lending act to crack down on online payday lenders . oregon has some of the most aggressive anti-payday lender laws in the country , but online and offshore lenders are using a loophole to get around those laws . this bill will give the consumer financial protection bureau more authority to regulate these predatory activities .		national		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
hatch on unanimous supreme court decision on recess appointments <http>		national		neutral		H000338		twitter		information
watch today ‰ űşs budget committee hearing on the president ‰ űşs funding request for overseas contingency operations here : <http>		national		neutral		R000570		twitter		support
cornyn : 2.4 % from a 19 % increase :		national		partisan		C001056		facebook		policy
great news for manufacturing & job creation in the quad-cities ! <http> #makeitinamerica		constituency		neutral		B001286		twitter		information
today we come together as americans to honor those who lost their lives on september 11 , 2001 and to remember the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice defending our nation in the 12 years since that horrible day . god bless america .		national		partisan		M001156		facebook		policy
deuteronomy 20:4 for the lord your god is he that goeth with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		support
americans shouldn't have to work for the government for close to a third of the year . #taxfreedomday		national		partisan		F000450		facebook		policy
why texas thrives where other states fail . #proudtexan		constituency		neutral		C001051		facebook		personal
you shouldn't have to choose between work and family . it's #yourtime . #makinglifework <http>		national		neutral		C001046		twitter		policy
i enjoyed touring intuitive research and technology today while visiting some huntsville businesses . the engineering and defense contractor was recently named the # 1 best medium sized business to work for by fortune magazine . learn more : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001289		facebook		constituency
a $ 17 trillion debt is not the legacy we should leave for our children . #time4solutions <http>		national		partisan		R000395		twitter		policy
#highered must be affordable . 121,570 oregonians owe on average $ 3676 in stafford loans . higher interest rates = more debt . #dontdoublemyrate		constituency		partisan		W000779		twitter		policy
delivering the commencement address to the fall 2013 class at @msstate . <http>		national		neutral		W000437		twitter		support
i joined with local elected officials and residents of the rockaways this afternoon to commemorate the second anniversary of hurricane #sandy on the boardwalk at beach 73rd street in arverne , ny .		national		neutral		M001137		facebook		support
50 yrs ago today , martin luther king jr . spoke of a dream . a dream that we must continue to stride towards #equality <http>		national		partisan		S001185		twitter		information
rt @amtrakcareers : yes , we do ! mt @repjeffdenham : think that dog would support #petsontrains . happy #nationaldogday from #amtrak k9s ! <http> : ‰ ű_		national		neutral		D000612		twitter		personal
33k jobs impacted due to the #obamacare medical device tax <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
rt @benaffleck : please take a moment to read a powerful op-ed by @easterncongo board member @cindymccain on her recent trip to #congo <http> : ‰ ű_		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		personal
49 times out of 50 months , more people gave up searching for a job than those who found a job . that is unacceptable .		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
@chicagoista thanks for sending ! already an ardent supporter of cir & will continue to press colleagues here on capitol hill		national		neutral		Q000023		twitter		support
" i only regret that i have but one life to give for my country . " nathan hale <http>		national		neutral		C001062		twitter		policy
‰ űď @kiyomit1 : i was moved by stories jobseekers told @repdelbene today about the trials of the job search #liveonkomo <http>		national		neutral		L000560		twitter		policy
it is a sunny day down in georgia ! i was honored to attend the ribbon cutting of the new expansion at colquitt ... <http>		constituency		neutral		S001189		twitter		constituency
interested in updates longer than 140 characters ? if so , check out my facebook pg & help me reach 8000 " likes " <http>		national		neutral		B001273		twitter		personal
just ran into an old friend from the meigs co farm bureau at bob evans in gallipolis <http>		constituency		neutral		J000292		twitter		personal
rt @ww2vethal : here is a photo of me with sen . mitch mcconnell at the national world war ii memorial last week . @mcconnellpress <http>		national		neutral		M000355		twitter		media
it's an honor to chair the house veterans ' affairs committee this morning for chairman miller . today's oversight hearing is entitled ‰ űďwhat can the federal government learn from the private sector ‰ űşs successful approach to hiring veterans ? ‰ űť you can watch the hearing live here : <http>		national		neutral		R000582		facebook		policy
enjoyed the opportunity to visit with @uinations students yesterday . glad they got to see a committee hearing . #idpol <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		personal
on the house floor talking about obamacare's impact on my constituents .		constituency		partisan		H001052		twitter		policy
@repcartwright happy birthday my friend !		national		neutral		S001193		twitter		personal
this month i'm honoring the 1963 loyola university chicago ramblers on the 50th anniversary of their ncaa championship . during the height of the civil rights movement , the team revolutionized collegiate basketball with their starting five " iron men , " a majority of whom were black . house resolution 298 celebrates the team for breaking ground far beyond the hardwood of the basketball court . read it at <http> .		constituency		neutral		Q000023		facebook		personal
wishing all new yorkers a happy , safe #laborday . let's enjoy the weekend while honoring the #workers who have built our city's economy .		constituency		neutral		V000081		facebook		personal
" a little more than 5 1/2 years ago , the very 1st bill that pres obama signed into law was the lilly ledbetter fair pay act " - dws #demwomen		national		neutral		W000797		twitter		support
on august 1st this year the house gop passed two of the most anti-immigrant measures in recent memory . congressman john conyers , jr . and i wrote about the devastating harm they would cause . read more about it on huffington post .		national		partisan		L000397		facebook		policy
this morning i sat down with lauren maxwell of ktva channel 11 news to discuss my thoughts and concerns on a number of issues affecting alaskans . if you have a chance , tune in to tonight's broadcast .		constituency		neutral		Y000033		facebook		media
cyberbullying wasn't part of my childhood , but it is part of everybody's now . " back off bullies " is a mobile app to help your child learn appropriate online behavior . learn more : <http>		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		information
as a parent and a former educator , i believe tennessee students deserve every possible opportunity to succeed . that is why today i voted in support of the #qualitycharters act which encourages school choice by promoting state efforts to develop and expand charter schools . read more here : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001273		facebook		support
stop the feds from locking away our north carolina beaches . our #obx beaches belong to you ! <http>		national		partisan		B001135		twitter		personal
wishing safe travels to the roughly 50 hackett catholic central high school students and chaperones who will depart tonight for the 41st annual march for life in our nation ‰ űşs capital #marchforlife		national		neutral		U000031		facebook		personal
like & share if you agree that at a time of gargantuan budget deficits , the last thing america needs to do is implement a costly bureaucracy that will exacerbate the nation ‰ űşs fiscal problems .		national		partisan		D000621		facebook		personal
rt @housejuddems : > @rollingstone new coalition emerges against #nsa surveillance @repjustinamash @repjohnconyers bring together ds & rs htt ‰ ű_		national		partisan		C000714		twitter		policy
@thecostofenergy no there must be proof human activity is causing changes to sea levels before gov given permission to tell us how to live		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		policy
did you know that #sochi , site of the upcoming winter olympics , & #longbeach are sister cities ? <http> #sochi2014 #goteamusa		national		neutral		L000579		twitter		mobilization
as a proud member of the congressional asian pacific american caucus ( capac ) since its early years , i have seen it develop into an influential voice for america ‰ űşs diverse asian american and pacific islander ( aapi ) communities . i ‰ űşm pleased to join my colleagues in celebrating the 20th anniversary of capac and look forward to being a part of capac ‰ űşs future success . #apahm		national		neutral		B000287		facebook		personal
appreciate @senmarkpryor and @johnboozman for their bill to protect private land owners & ag-producers : <http> #ar #ar1		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		support
mcconnell : ‰ ű ÷ kentuckians aren ‰ űşt interested in false promises ; they want to hear what we ‰ űşre planning to do to streamline government and bring it up to date . they want to hear what it ‰ űşs going to take to lower the cost of living , and the cost of education and health care . they want to hear what it ‰ űşs going to take to create good jobs . the president didn ‰ űşt do any of those things tonight . '		national		neutral		M000355		facebook		policy
thousands of veterans & service members across northeast georgia , including metro atlanta , deserve a commissary : <http>		constituency		partisan		J000288		facebook		policy
cumberland's back ! j . d . hamilton kicks off the celebration at lee's ford marina on beautiful lake cumberland ! make your summer travel plans to enjoy our lake !		constituency		neutral		R000395		facebook		personal
#marineheldinmexico - - call the mexican embassy in the u . s . today and give your support for andrew . please share this post after you call : 202-728-1600 . requests to close the case in andrew's favor have been filed--and the hope is for a final judgement any day .		national		neutral		H001048		facebook		personal
. @kentuckybaeo and pastor jerry stephenson are working hard to promote school choice initiatives in #kentucky .		constituency		partisan		M000355		twitter		information
more explosive revelations about #nsa spying in @wsj . when is enough enough ? <http>		national		neutral		H001057		twitter		support
@mannytmoto gr8 having you here ! thank you for showing that texans & all americans can secure quality affordable health care under the #aca		national		partisan		V000131		twitter		policy
most transparent administration in history ? it ‰ űşs sunshine week , read my op-ed in the hill .		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		personal
