@kujua21 here's my plan to #replaceobamacare <http>		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		policy
always a pleasure to see @somiamipolice officers serving our community . everyday heroes among us ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		policy
politico : " a 33 - page justice department legal opinion made public just hours before obama spoke concluded that he doesn't have the legal authority to offer broad deportation relief to parents of so-called dreamers ‰ űópeople who came to the u . s . illegally as children and won a reprieve from deportation in a program known as daca that obama created in 2012 . ' as it has been described to us , the proposed deferred action program for parents of daca recipients would not be a permissible exercise of enforcement discretion , ' justice department attorney karl thompson wrote in the office of legal counsel opinion . " <http>		national		neutral		L000575		facebook		policy
i strongly agree with this san francisco chronicle editorial . congress must fund wildfires like all other emergencies .		constituency		partisan		F000062		facebook		support
don't forget ! our #ca38 community office hours begin today . come meet my staff and get help resolving any issues you may have with a federal agency .		national		neutral		S001156		facebook		support
another day , another delay for another part of the president ‰ űşs health care law ... and a part designed to make ... <http>		national		partisan		F000451		twitter		policy
at 10:05 am pt / 1:05 pm pt , you can listen to my conversation with the ed schultz show about the # 1 issue in northern california and in america today : jobs . listen to the radio program through this link :		constituency		partisan		G000559		facebook		constituency
@janschakowsky @dorismatsui @nwlc @aauw @ywca c u at presser 2day at 3 in hvc 215 2 #standupforwomen gop : your budget is a values statement ?		national		neutral		E000290		twitter		media
my thoughts and prayers are with the iraqi christians facing persecution and genocide at the hands of isis terrorists simply because of their faith . the president needs to develop a clear strategy , and should have acted quicker and more decisively to stop isis from targeting these innocent civilians . <http>		national		neutral		W000812		facebook		policy
earlier this week we celebrated the 40th anniversary of the fresno eoc . the work the eoc does makes such a difference to our community . thank you for all that you do !		national		neutral		C001059		facebook		support
23,116 , 441 american households on food stamps in march : a new record high .		national		partisan		P000588		twitter		attack
70 years ago today , thousands of brave american and allied soldiers stormed the beaches at normandy to liberate europe and rid the world of tyranny . i stand with all americans in remembering and honoring their sacrifices today . #dday		national		neutral		B001287		facebook		personal
best of luck to the very impressive students representing #ri in the 2014 @nationalhistory day competition . #nhd2014 <http>		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		support
@patriciatweeter terra has worked for me & done me proud . she is an articulate patriot .		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		personal
promising @fanniemae is paying back more $ to us taxpayers . reinforces 5 yrs after crash we need #gsereform to help prevent another bailout		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		support
thinking of all those affected by the severe weather today - especially in oklahoma . stay safe .		national		neutral		W000809		twitter		personal
us delegation here in #ukraine will hold press conference in about an hour to discuss our visit - livestream : <http>		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		media
senate passing comprehensive immigration reform is a major step forward . i urge the house to now take up comprehensive reform . #timeisnow		national		neutral		D000617		facebook		policy
record revenue for 2013 , but spending still soars : despite record revenue projections for fy 2013 , obama still thinks taxes are the answer to eliminating our budget deficit . this year , the federal treasury expects to collect a record $ 2.712 trillion in taxes ‰ űň shattering the 2007 high of $ 2.5 trillion in taxes . but despite this , obama continues to spend more and more money . fact : for each of the last four years , the government has run a $ 1 trillion-plus deficit .		national		partisan		I000056		facebook		policy
on monday , as we mark anniversary of mlk ‰ űşs birthday , we remember his messages of nonviolence , compassion & equality <http>		national		neutral		H000874		twitter		support
rep . mckinley expresses support for national boy scout jamboree in west virginia . mckinley ‰ űşs bipartisan resolution includes 17 co-sponsors honoring scouts and volunteers . washington , d . c . ‰ űótoday , rep . david b . mckinley , p . e . ( r-wv ) was joined by 17 of his colleagues , the majority of which is eagle scouts , in supporting the on-going national boy scout jamboree being held this week in fayette county , w.va . this is the first time the jamboree has been held in the mountain state , and the event brought nearly 50,000 scouts , leaders , volunteers and others to the new site . the first boy scout jamboree took place in 1937 in washington , d . c . ‰ űďas an eagle scout , i could not be more proud that my home state of west virginia is hosting the jamboree and will serve as the permanent home for the event in the coming years , ‰ űť said rep . mckinley . ‰ űďthis week , thousands of scouts from around the united states , their leaders and others have travelled to the new facility near the new river gorge to celebrate scouting and participate in activities to build leadership and character . ‰ űť the site , known as the summit bechtel family national scout reserve , will house scouts , staff and adult leaders , who will enjoy the outdoors and test their abilities in a number of ways . rep . mckinley ‰ űşs office also helped in sending 90 - year-old carlyle farnsworth , a wheeling resident , to this year ‰ űşs jamboree . farnsworth is also an eagle scout and attended the first jamboree back in 1937 . ‰ űďthe lessons i learned as a young man in the boy scouts in troops 23 and 6 in wheeling , w.va . , have stuck with me throughout my life and guided my decisions in my personal and professional career , ‰ űť added mckinley . ‰ űďi look forward to talking with the campers and touring the site , first-hand , this weekend . ‰ űť the resolution acknowledges that because of this new world-class facility in fayette county , w.va . , this site will now be home to the next world boy scout jamboree . it ‰ űşs the first time it has been held in the united states in 52 years .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
in just a couple mins i'm going to give my reaction to obama's statement on iraq on @huffpostlive watch here <http>		national		neutral		W000800		twitter		media
castro regime keeps undermining us natl interests & providing safe haven 2 terrorists @thesharktank1 : <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		support
i am honored to be in normandy for the 70th anniversary of the d-day invasion . 553 illinois soldiers are buried in the normandy american cemetery we visited today , and we owe them our eternal gratitude for their service to our state and country . as president reagan said : " strengthened by their courage , heartened by their valor , and borne by their memory , let us continue to stand for the ideals for which they lived and died . "		constituency		neutral		H001059		facebook		information
rep . reichert had fun this morning with enumclaw high school students participating in the stock market game . he spoke to them about the challenges of tax reform and the issues facing our economy .		national		neutral		R000578		facebook		support
the house voted today on the 10th piecemeal bill to restore some government services during the shutdown . at this rate , it'll be sometime next spring before the shutdown's over . on the other hand , we could vote one time to reopen the government for all americans . ( guess which approach i think is better . ) learn more here : <http>		national		partisan		L000560		facebook		policy
join me for another " #sweettea with tim " in #searcy this monday morning ! details : <http> #ar2		national		neutral		G000567		twitter		media
at american legion post 41 in whitefield for dedication of m - 60 battle tank ‰ űň part of us military history that has served our veterans well .		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		media
bristol herald courier : roe to hold town hall in jonesborough <http>		constituency		neutral		R000582		twitter		information
rt @jaylow : #fridaykitty ! ! ! > > " you putin me on ? russian into war . syriaously ? " <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		policy
icymi : today , during a house natural resources committee hearing , i had the opportunity to discuss with megan maxwell , an independent biologist from broomfield , colorado , the numerous problems with the proposed esa listing of the sage grouse . i asked her about the blm ‰ űşs blanket approach to preserve the grouse that fails to take into account regional factors and threatens multiple use development critical to local economies for eleven different western states , including colorado , on over 40 million acres of land . she told me , ‰ űď ‰ űďthe conservation measures and the one-size-fits-all approach they ‰ űşre taking is what ‰ űşs going to really be damaging , ‰ űť		constituency		neutral		T000470		facebook		information
caucus meeting with president @barackobama		national		neutral		H001050		twitter		personal
#onthisday in #1866 , president johnson declared that the american #civilwar was over .		national		neutral		C001094		twitter		personal
special thank you to utility line workers & employees who have been working around the clock 2 restore power <http> #vtpoli		national		neutral		W000800		twitter		personal
typical #snap household with kids has income of roughly $ 11,000 for family of 3 . #endhungernow		national		partisan		D000216		twitter		information
u . s . congressional delegation trip to israel - august 2013		national		neutral		J000294		facebook		information
. @abcnews on the efforts underway at the us @af_academy to change the culture & root out sexual assault perpetrators : <http>		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		information
our thoughts , prayers continue to be with the graham family , friends , & the uva community during this difficult time . <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		twitter		personal
#tbt in @whitehouse with president #billclinton <http>		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		support
#kxl oil export strategy makes us a middle man & worsens #climatechange . senate shld reject it <http> <http>		national		partisan		M000133		twitter		policy
#nokxl presser 1 p . m . eastern in rayburn 2456 w / @janschakowsky , @erichpica , @mauracowley , @public_citizen #keystonexl #keystone #green		national		neutral		G000551		twitter		support
today is a historic day for every american . comprehensive immigration reform passed the senate 68-32 . i urge the house to act . #cir #latism		national		partisan		C001063		twitter		support
you can read my full statement on the passage of the border security supplemental here : <http> #bordercrisis		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		media
countdown to wv's 150th birthday : day 30 - mason county fact : this is where the ohio and kanawha rivers meet . recommendation : take a day trip to point pleasant to see point pleasant riverfront park and floodwall murals , the mothman museum and statue , point pleasant river museum and other interesting sites .		constituency		neutral		M001183		facebook		personal
delaying #keystonexl could harm the environment . #irony #timetodecide <http>		national		partisan		B000755		twitter		policy
w @senblumenthal @senatordurbin @markeymemo & dv survivors to intro bill to close domestic abuser loophole in gun laws <http>		national		partisan		M001169		twitter		support
it's a great day to be in southeast #ar1 . we're discussing the 2014 #farmbill implementation in lake village this am . <http>		constituency		partisan		C001087		twitter		policy
the latest jobs report was a severe disappointment for millions of americans struggling in our economy . only 88,000 jobs were added last month , according to the department of labor , and nearly half a million people left the job market , bringing down the percentage of americans in the labor force to its lowest level since 1979 . this helped tick down the official unemployment rate to 7.6 percent , but for all the wrong reasons : for every job gained last month , more than five people stopped looking for work altogether . this is unacceptable . america needs real jobs , real solutions , and real results .		national		partisan		M001158		facebook		support
potus dealt in 2011 on debt limit		national		partisan		C001056		facebook		policy
chocolate is nice . but what women really need this valentine's day is equal pay ! #whatwomenneed		national		partisan		H001063		facebook		policy
the child care and development block grant act the senate passed today is so important for the future of young people across the nation . it will improve how states and tribes use federal block grants to assist low-income parents who are working or going to school . i made sure the included maximum benefits for alaskan kids . find out how here :		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		support
jumped off the top of a perfectly good stadium !		national		neutral		F000461		twitter		personal
today marks the 41st anniversary of a tragic event in our nation ‰ űşs history ‰ űň a devastating supreme court decision that has caused the death of nearly 56 million innocent children . as a country , we have a moral obligation to stand up to protect the most innocent in our society and to be a voice for those who are not given the opportunity to speak . read my statement : <http>		national		partisan		H001067		facebook		policy
results from my recent instapoll . let me know your thoughts .		national		neutral		R000597		facebook		policy
always enjoy the chance to visit with students who have an interest in government and public service . just wrapped up a great conversation with these students from gooding high school . #idpol #magicvalley		national		neutral		C000880		facebook		information
great visiting coastal coffee roasters in summerville as part of #smallbusinesssaturday ! #whoyagonnacall <http>		constituency		neutral		S001184		twitter		constituency
great discussion today in vincennes on how we can best address workforce development here in s . indiana . #in08 <http>		constituency		neutral		B001275		twitter		constituency
the #irs's gross abuse of power would have our founding fathers rolling in their graves <http>		national		neutral		B001260		twitter		personal
51ppl van buren co hospital . qs abt eparegs , monsanto farm chemicals , 5 % salary cut for congress , guns , sequestration , foreign aid		constituency		neutral		G000386		facebook		policy
@jimlaubler read about efforts to ensure #potus upholds his constitutional responsibility in our latest newsletter <http>		national		neutral		B001236		twitter		support
i stand with first lady michelle obama and encourage students to reach higher and pursue higher education . congrats to all those students who will be attending university of wisconsin-madison in the fall . if you need help with locating student financial aid services please visit my website : <http> #reachhigher		national		neutral		P000607		facebook		media
instead of continuing the blame-obama game , republicans should work to actually solve the crisis of children at our border . to do that , we need additional funds to follow the law , which says we must keep these kids safe while they are in our care and their individual cases must be processed by immigration courts quickly . we also need to work with the home countries in central america so these kids can safely grow up in their home countries .		national		partisan		G000535		facebook		policy
click the link below for the very latest update on my work on behalf of #nv03 . included - my thoughts on the house-passed border bill and va reform . don't forget to read to the very end to see a tweet i posted after the president signed my three kids mine bill into law .		national		neutral		H001055		facebook		policy
i want to congratulate harmony school as they celebrate #stem education discovery day . they are hosting an ... <http>		constituency		neutral		J000126		twitter		constituency
thanks to plainview lions club for having me to today's lunch meeting . it was an honor to attend lubbock lions club yesterday too . i hope they'll have me back !		national		neutral		N000182		facebook		support
need help with a federal agency ? my office will be open this saturday , november 22 from 9 am to 12 pm . please stop by if you need any assistance .		national		neutral		C001091		facebook		support
dave stopped by the centerville municipal airport this afternoon and was taken on a birds eye tour of the area . the centerville airport recently received a grant from the department of transportation to enhance its safety .		constituency		neutral		L000565		facebook		information
new study confirms fears about #obamacare and harmful cuts to medicare advantage . see full study here --> <http>		national		partisan		P000602		twitter		attack
check out my #grants e-newsletter for info on federal funding opportunities & updates on awards in #ct's first : <http>		national		neutral		L000557		twitter		personal
thanks so much to rep rob wittman , tonya mallory , senator tim kaine , rep . jeff miller , and governor bob mcdonnell for taking the time to join me as i guest hosted the john fredericks show today . it was great to hear their expertise on issues ranging from national defense and the recent budget deal to the biggest challenges facing virginia right now . a big thank you also to producer ken johnson for his help . did you tune in ? share with me in the comments below .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		media
thanks for the #followfriday #ff : @financialcmte @repgarrett @repshelley @repjohncampbell @patrickmchenry		national		neutral		N000182		twitter		personal
@permaculture_me wish i could have made it !		national		neutral		P000597		twitter		policy
rt @nygovcuomo : during november we honor ny ‰ űşs military families who have made their own sacrifices in the service of our country <http>		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		personal
heading back to dc for some of the coldest weather on record #winter #backtosession #polarvortex		constituency		neutral		C001063		twitter		personal
it's simple : the legislative branch legislates , and the executive branch executes those laws . obama's action ignores the constitution .		national		partisan		C001048		twitter		policy
apparently " lost emails " is a contagious disease . first , it was lois lerner's emails , then 6 of her irs colleagues , and now a former law-breaking colleague at the fec . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
congratulations to marine corps league 750 on dedication of memorial at freedom park ... semper fi us marines <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		personal
on @msnbc tuesday at 10:10 amet ( 7:10 ampst ) re : doubling us broadcast into #northkorea . lets give kim jong-un a double dose of free speech		national		partisan		S000344		twitter		personal
on this 40th anniversary of the supreme court's roe v . wade decision , i proudly reaffirm my support for pro-life policies .		national		neutral		F000463		twitter		policy
gop wants tax breaks for oil and coal companies , but wants to give the jobless looking for work a lump of coal <http>		national		partisan		M001176		twitter		policy
the @epwrepublicans have yet to receive answers to our requests . video of #ginamccarthy press conference here : <http>		national		neutral		B001261		twitter		media
the obamacare " train wreck " continues ...		national		partisan		M001180		facebook		attack
statement of congressman danny k . davis on military intervention in syria the apparent use of chemical weapons in syria is a human tragedy and our hearts go out to the families of those who have lost their lives . much remains unknown about these events as of today and the congress is beginning a debate on the issue . my constituents are deeply concerned about events in syria and they are searching for an appropriate response which will end the killing and move quickly toward a political solution to the war in syria . however they are overwhelmingly opposed to u . s . military intervention of any kind . they are concerned about the morality of such action , they are concerned about the legality of such action , they are concerned about the loss of life resulting from such action , they are concerned about the effectiveness , or lack of effectiveness , of such action , they are concerned about such action involving us more deeply in the civil war in syria , they are concerned about what follow on conflict such action might trigger , they are concerned about sabotaging a possible agreement with iran on nuclear weapons , they are concerned about the drawing resources and focus from critical immediate problems here at home . i share all of those concerns and more . i have been , and remain today , a staunch support of president obama . however , my first responsibility as a member of congress is to represent the interests and views of my constituents . calls , emails , letters and other forms of communication with my office are running 9 to 1 in opposition to any military intervention in syria at this time . therefore , i am strongly leaning toward a no vote on any military intervention . i intend to continue to listen closely to president obama ‰ űşs statements and to the views of my constituents as this debate proceeds .		national		partisan		D000096		facebook		policy
happy #wrightbrothersday ! #az09 is home to us airways & thousands of aviation jobs . thanks orville & wilbur !		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		support
visited swissline precision with matt erskine , deputy assistant secretary for economic development for the u . s . economic development administration , earlier this afternoon . another great example of a rhode island company that is helping to make things in america again !		national		neutral		C001084		facebook		support
thank you so much for your kind words of support ! mt @trishlaird @repdesantis congratulations on the passage of your first bill !		national		neutral		D000621		twitter		personal
how many of you will be following this today ? what do you expect to hear ?		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
thoughts & prayers w / the family of sen lautenberg today , the last wwii veteran in the senate . thank you for your service to our nation senator		national		neutral		S001184		twitter		personal
statement regarding missing air asia flight qz8501 : i call upon the international civil aviation organization ... <http>		national		neutral		J000032		twitter		information
rt @speakerboehner : have ordered flags lowered over @uscapitol in tribute to those affected by ok tornadoes , at request of @tomcoleok04 htt ‰ ű_		national		neutral		M001151		twitter		information
today , the families and loved ones of the 19 brave firefighters who lost their lives battling the yarnell hill fire in central arizona ‰ űň as well as those still fighting the fire ‰ űň are in the thoughts and prayers of all americans . this devastating loss is a reminder of the grave risks our firefighters take every day on our behalf in arizona and in communities across this nation . their sacrifice will never be forgotten .		national		neutral		M000303		facebook		support
submit a photo with your first name , hometown , and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov . you ‰ űşll get the chance to vote on your favorites and we ‰ űşll use the one with the most likes as our facebook cover photo . please note , photos will be cropped to fit the facebook cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px . wide , landscape shots best fit these dimensions . please submit your photos by august 15th .		national		neutral		C001070		facebook		policy
my tribal bills passed @natresources today . local control & economic self determination preferable to fed managers <http>		constituency		partisan		A000369		twitter		policy
she has had no problem with u . s . intelligence agencies , like the #nsa , violating the constitution by spying on hundreds of millions of americans without probable cause . this kind of hypocrisy is one of the biggest reasons the public can't stand congress .		national		neutral		A000367		facebook		support
breitbart : video : cornyn calls for holder's resignation :		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		policy
today i will be back in bloomington for a ‰ űďmeet and greet ‰ űť event at the pourhouse cafe from 11am -1:00 pm . i encourage anyone who can make it to stop by !		constituency		neutral		Y000064		facebook		personal
looking forward to meeting environmental science students at frederick hs this afternoon , right after my lunch with seniors		constituency		neutral		D000620		twitter		personal
today in 1889 , the constitution of wy was adopted #wyohistory . constitutional delegates & friends on capitol steps : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001261		twitter		constituency
cosponsored the us-israel strategic partnership act . critical the u . s . stands up for israel ‰ űşs right to defend itself against terrorism .		national		partisan		P000449		twitter		policy
cornyn on voter id suit : ‰ űďfacts mean little to a politicized justice dept bent on inserting itself into the sovereign affairs of texas "		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		support
excited to join @fairvote today @nyuwashingtondc & speak on need to safeguard our most fundamental right as americans : our right to vote		national		neutral		P000607		twitter		policy
thanks @onecampaign for visiting my st . paul staff & for all the great work you do fighting global #poverty & #hunger <http>		national		neutral		M001143		twitter		support
yesterday , i joined minority whip steny hoyer , as my legislation the job creation through energy efficient manufacturing act was added to whip hoyer's " make it in america " program . investing in energy efficiency creates jobs . by investing in energy efficiency , the american manufacturing sector will save money on energy costs which can be reinvested in modernizing facilities , hiring new workers , and making american manufacturing more competitive . i look forward to continuing to work with mr . hoyer and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we continue to promote good-paying jobs right here in america .		national		neutral		C001090		facebook		support
today the house votes on hr 5462 , a bipartisan bill i introduced to limit the fees charged to air travelers & clarify congressional intent .		national		partisan		H001067		twitter		policy
voted no on the making college more expensive act passed by the house majority #dropthatdebt #dontdoublemyrates <http>		national		partisan		D000598		twitter		attack
placer reunirme c la directora de @ntn24 @cgurisattintn24 y discutir #venezuela . debemos apoyar la lucha p #libertad ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		media
murray : that sacrifice should not have to come in the form of unwanted sexual contact from within the ranks . #combatmsa		national		neutral		M001111		twitter		support
happy to cosponsor legislation that would prevent knives on planes . . @tsa listened & delayed knife rule change . <http>		national		neutral		P000604		twitter		support
both senate leaders have agreed to cosponsor the able act , giving new hope to the severely disabled and their families across america . able is a commonsense piece of legislation that helps parents of the severely disabled save and prepare for their child ‰ űşs lifetime of expenses . with such broad bipartisan support in both houses of congress , it is my hope that 2014 is the year we finally #passtheableact .		national		neutral		B001135		facebook		policy
so what dr . lynch is saying is that the @deptvetaffairs has the wrong goals . #lameexcuses #10 <http>		national		partisan		H001057		twitter		attack
if you're a single parent w / 2 kids , making min wage & working full time your family lives in poverty . #raisethewage <http>		national		partisan		S000185		twitter		policy
i cosponsored bill as lifeline for more than 400k md students drowning in student debt w interest rates that continue to climb .		national		partisan		M000702		twitter		policy
loaf of bread , can of soup and two boxes of pasta in my cart so far . $ 31.50 is adding up fast . " splurging " on 16 tea bags , since i need some sort of caffeine for the week !		national		neutral		K000380		facebook		personal
i ‰ űşm proud to stand with president obama in las vegas , nv while he speaks on his #immigrationaction . the #timeisnow !		national		partisan		B000287		twitter		support
it's @buffalonite in dc ! great to be with so many wnyers . <http>		constituency		neutral		H001038		twitter		information
senator coons appeared on msnbc this morning to talk about the senate's vote to advance legislation he cosponsored to extend vital assistance for jobseekers for three months . 3,600 delawareans lost their federal unemployment benefits on december 28th . watch his interview below .		national		partisan		C001088		facebook		policy
i'm very proud of my team in delivering the lowest congressional office rent costs in the entire country .		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		personal
president obama ‰ űşs rhetoric vs . reality on va accountability <http>		national		partisan		C000059		twitter		attack
" health industry officials say #obamacare-related premiums will double in some parts of the country , " via @thehill - <http>		national		neutral		G000568		twitter		information
$ 163m + in #medicareadvantage cuts in 2015 as a result of obamacare . we must #keepthepromise		national		partisan		R000592		facebook		attack
new @aecfkidscount report finds 23 % of u . s . children live in poverty : <http> we can do better , we must do better . #kidscount		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		information
celebrating 43rd anniversary of medicare w / #abq retired workers council <http>		constituency		neutral		L000580		twitter		personal
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): spying on americans : in the wake of a federal court ruling against domestic spying by the national security agency , sen . bernie sanders said congress must narrow the scope of a law used to justify the bulk collection of americans ' telephone records . ‰ űďi voted against the patriot act . we've introduced legislation to curb what the nsa is doing , ‰ űť sanders told msnbc's thomas roberts . lawmakers supporting the vast domestic surveillance databases argue that collecting phone records and emails makes the country safer . " yeah it does , " sanders said in a report broadcast by nbc news affiliates nationwide . " but it doesn't make us a free country . " nsa is ' out of control ' : the national security agency is " out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner , " sen . sanders said , according to the nation , abc news radio , vermont public radio and common dreams . " i will be working as hard as i can to pass the strongest legislation possible to end the abuses by the nsa and other intelligence agencies , ‰ űť sanders said . a brattleboro reformer editorial said , ‰ űďsanders is right to pursue this matter further , for one federal judge ‰ űşs ruling certainly won ‰ űşt bring an end to the nsa spying controversy . ‰ űť tech giants air privacy worries at white house : president obama met tuesday with the nation's leading technology executives who want changes of surveillance programs in the name of civil liberties , a concern that cnn white house correspondent jim acosta said is spreading in congress . ‰ űďit ‰ űşs not just the executives of these tech companies , not just a federal judge who says that these collections of phone records may be unconstitutional . you have lawmakers up on capitol hill , the entire spectrum from bernie sanders all the way over to rand paul , saying that something has to be done . ‰ űť senate poised to pass budget : a bipartisan agreement to ease sharp spending cuts known as sequestration easily cleared its last major hurdle tuesday as 67 senators voted to advance the measure . ‰ űďthis is a very difficult vote . it ‰ űşs very much the lesser of two evils , ‰ űť sen . sanders , according to real clear politics . sanders was an unenthusiastic supporter , according to cnn . " this budget does not even begin to address some of the very serious problems facing our country in terms of creating the millions of jobs we need , in terms of doing away with these outrageous corporate loopholes right now which are costing us about $ 100 billion a year , " sanders told nicole sandler on the randi rhodes show . continue reading here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		policy
excited to be a no labels problem-solver at the meeting to make america work !		national		neutral		H001063		facebook		personal
i kicked off this year ‰ űşs season of school preparation by donating backpacks at the south lake chamber of commerce today to assist in their ‰ űďred for ed ‰ űť community school supply drive .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		support
i'm looking forward to our academy day tomorrow . if you're a young person who's interested in attending one of our military academies , please come by to learn more . <http>		national		neutral		C001093		facebook		mobilization
hosted a senior safety fair today at century village in pembroke pines . my constituents were able to sell back expired prescription drugs , shred sensitive documents , learn how to protect themselves from id theft and fraud and receive information from local agencies .		constituency		neutral		W000797		facebook		constituency
. @iava we must do more to #combatsuicide		national		neutral		C001070		twitter		support
another example of the most transparent administration in us history right ? what are they hiding ? #fastandfurious ? <http>		national		partisan		G000565		twitter		policy
hosting the #colorado30 group today on the hill . strengthening connections with co leaders on national defense . <http>		constituency		neutral		L000564		twitter		support
thanks for coming to our first congressional town hall in tempe . we focused on social security and other issues affecting #az09 seniors . i'm taking your input back to washington next week .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		information
rt @irtl : . @toddrokita : life is precious . therefore , every abortion is a tragedy . #gosnell		national		partisan		R000592		twitter		policy
senator manchin displayed the ‰ űďi hire vets ‰ űť logo ‰ űň a logo that represents a commitment from businesses and organizations to hire our veterans ‰ űň as he joined his senate colleagues and business leaders to talk about the importance of working together to reduce veterans unemployment . senator manchin attended a roundtable discussion with organizations and businesses that have shown a strong commitment to employing our nation ‰ űşs veterans . he is the co-chair of the congressional veterans jobs caucus that includes 40 senators and 70 representatives .		national		neutral		M001183		facebook		information
taking a tour of the dyer building with mdc president padron		national		neutral		D000600		facebook		personal
we need a clear and concise plan to take down #isis : <http>		national		partisan		K000378		twitter		policy
like and share to high five rutland in the end , it wasn't even close . yesterday , rutland showed vermont and the nation that it has heart - - big time heart . and it demonstrated what a community can accomplish when its residents work together on a shared goal . what did rutland accomplish ? they saved the lives of future accident victims . they ensured good outcomes to complicated surgical procedures . they provided peace of mind to the families of critically ill patients . and they proved once and for all that perseverance pays off . congratulations and thanks to everyone who put rutland in the record books . - - peter read more about rutland ‰ űşs gift of life marathon blood drive that collected 2,337 pints of blood , beating the national record for a single community in one day : <http>		national		neutral		W000800		facebook		personal
open enrollment for 2014 coverage ends today ( march 31 ) . if you need health insurance , #getcoverednow , visit healthcare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596		national		neutral		C000141		facebook		policy
mt @jasoninthehouse : classic democrats blast house plan before it is even introduced dems arent used to reading bills <http>		national		partisan		H001058		twitter		attack
stopping the sales of these products to minors is a critical step that will help protect our children from a lifetime of nicotine addiction . the fda was also right to propose barring e-cigarette companies from making unproven health claims and requiring them to disclose the harmful ingredients in their products . now it is time for the administration to take the next important step by banning the outrageous marketing of e-cigarettes to our kids , including the use of candy flavors and cartoon advertisements that are shamelessly designed to lure and addict them .		national		neutral		B000711		facebook		policy
rt if you think america succeeds when #womensucceed <http>		national		neutral		F000462		twitter		mobilization
#obamacareinthreewords - protected privacy ? lol		national		partisan		R000596		twitter		attack
first public #benghazi select committee hearing scheduled for sept . 17 at 10am - witness list : <http> #tcot		constituency		neutral		J000289		twitter		information
congratulations to aamina yousaf from ardmore , who is this year's fourth district winner of the congressional art competition !		national		neutral		C001053		facebook		personal
thanks to the staff of us vets ( <http> ) and all the volunteers and organizations that made this year's veterans stand down a resounding success !		national		neutral		H001055		facebook		information
contrary to its name , the working families flexibility act does not protect working families . many hourly workers in south florida depend on the opportunity to collect their hard-earned overtime pay to support their families and make ends meet . this anti-family , anti-worker bill would make it harder for employees to provide for their families and easier for employers to pay less for overtime work with hazy promises of time-off later . <http>		national		neutral		W000797		facebook		policy
last week , i spoke before the house of representatives in support of the global food security act and the feed the future initiative . i invite you to watch my speech on the house floor .		constituency		neutral		F000449		facebook		personal
touring the ashland forest resiliency project that's working to protect ashland's watershed from fire .		constituency		neutral		W000791		facebook		information
haven ‰ űşt been able to make any of my town halls this month ? read about them in my latest e-newsletter here : <http>		constituency		neutral		W000791		twitter		information
victory doesn't always taste sweet , just ask @stillmankbeer , who won a bronze at the @gabf for their #madeinwi bitter brew , wisco disco .		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		other
heading to a classified briefing w / fbi & others to learn info about the boston bombing and to ask questions such as about russia's warning .		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		personal
we're keeping our @crowdhall open one more week . submit your ideas for naming the new patent office here : <http>		national		neutral		B001267		twitter		information
1,630 active road & transit projects in wa state will be slowed or stopped unless congress acts to fund the #highwaytrustfund immediately .		national		partisan		D000617		facebook		policy
looking forward to day # 3 of our #mo8 farm tour . will be visiting deer farm , pig farm and grocery store . from the farm to the table !		national		partisan		S001195		twitter		policy
last week i was honored to speak at the 41st march for life . it was an amazing experience to talk about the importance of life with so many from around the country .		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		media
rt @john_yearwood : @roslehtinen . were you presiding when incident occurred ? @miamiherald		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		attack
what ‰ űşs #passover mean 2 u ? as #jews gather + retell / commemorate the #israelites #exodus from #egypt , why ‰ űşs 2night different frm all others ?		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		personal
in my latest installment of ask peter , i respond to an e-mail from karen werle in algonquin who asked about #obamacare architect jonathan gruber ‰ űşs comments that passing obamacare relied on the ‰ űďstupidity of the american voter ‰ űť and a ‰ űďlack of transparency . ‰ űť the american people are not fooled . this law was crafted behind closed doors and rammed through congress on a partisan vote ‰ űóand the results have been disastrous . as a result , millions have been kicked off their healthcare plans or have seen their premiums skyrocket , while businesses have been forced to cut-back their workforces . that ‰ űşs why i introduced legislation to create an independent watchdog to monitor obamacare , which would help bring much-needed transparency and accountability to the president ‰ űşs healthcare law . #grubergate		national		partisan		R000580		facebook		support
touring the ball manufacturing plant in conroe made me a little thirsty for some reason ... <http>		constituency		neutral		B000755		twitter		constituency
thanks to all of the immigrants and supporters who stood with us in lady liberty's shadow today . what a fitting place to rally for comprehensive immigration reforms that will once and for all fix our broken system . the time is now to help bring nearly 11 million undocumented immigrants from across the country out of the shadows and on a path to earned citizenship . as the son of cuban-american immigrants , i know what's at stake for these workers , families and individuals who want to take the oath of allegiance to our great nation and become citizens . providing an earned pathway to citizenship is also important for our national and economic security . and as a member of the gang of 8 , i can say we have had tough negotiations , but the progress towards bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform is real . we're almost there and god willing the bipartisan framework we put forward will pass both chambers with strong support and land on the president's desk and be signed into law this year . the time has come for reform . the political winds are in our favor , and we cannot and should not wait any longer .		national		neutral		M000639		facebook		policy
today marks six years since applications were first submitted to build the keystone xl pipeline . for nearly six years , president obama has stood in the way of 40,000 american jobs and greater energy independence . it's time for the president to make a decision .		national		partisan		D000619		facebook		policy
today , i'll be voting for the @repmikequigley & @jaredpolis amendment that cuts a billion dollar bomb we don't need <http>		national		partisan		C000714		twitter		policy
it's shocking that there is no federal law defining #guntrafficking as a crime . i'm gratified by bipartisan progress on this important issue .		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		policy
our offices in d . c . and in the district are currently seeking applications for internships for the upcoming spring semester ! interning in a congressional office is a great way to learn more about the federal legislative process , and past interns have had many exciting and rewarding experiences during their time here . if you ‰ űşre interested , or if you know of someone who might be , please go to the link below to learn more about the qualifications and the application process .		constituency		neutral		T000470		facebook		personal
great to have @juddpdeere , kyra , kellie , madeline and taylor as part of my staff . #idpol <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		personal
the world community must come together to eradicate #isis . click " like " and " share " if you agree .		national		neutral		W000812		facebook		mobilization
in the hustle and bustle of the holidays ( and don't forget its also iron bowl week ) , i know its easy to get distracted .		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		personal
beat the heat !		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		personal
great talk earlier tonight w / @thekudlowreport . reality : #budget talks deserve look into mandatory spending . let's get the math right .		national		partisan		S001183		twitter		policy
today at the house armed services committee hearing on the fy2015 defense budget , i asked defense secretary charles hagel if he would make improving our defense acquisition system a personal priority . with the massive budget challenges we face , we must get more value for our defense dollar . reforming the way we buy goods and services for our military is not just about saving money , but also about saving lives .		national		neutral		T000238		facebook		policy
he is obviously a great performer , but @travistritt is also a tireless advocate for veterans ...		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		personal
a healthy school lunch means healthier students . today i had lunch at portland's bridlemile elementary , where the harvest of the month program provides locally grown fruits and vegetables to schools and supports our local farmers . the brussels sprouts were delicious ! school nutrition programs help students stay focused and ready to learn .		national		neutral		B001278		facebook		other
the latest edition of our e-newsletter is available by clicking the link below . you can subscribe by visiting our official website : www.nolan.house.gov .		national		partisan		N000127		facebook		policy
wonderful to recognize heritage place at lasalle square in #southbend for achieving 100 % tax credit occupancy !		national		neutral		W000813		facebook		personal
rt @phillipslytle check out the latest progress on our new location @canalsidebflo ! <http>		national		neutral		H001038		twitter		support
in a few mins , i'll be on the house floor arguing against a #gopshutdown , telling house rs #enoughalready . tune in at <http>		national		neutral		S000480		twitter		information
today , for the 37th time the republicans in the house of representatives will attempt to repeal the affordable care act . it is needed by our nation , it was approved by the house and senate , it was signed by the president and it was upheld by the supreme court . it is time to move on and implement this much needed law .		national		partisan		S000248		facebook		attack
. @mattley_crue @mayorbillfinch @danmalloyct interesting theory contradicted by the fact that ct's population is growing .		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		policy
#icymi : @huffingtonpost on how the loss of ui benefits is devastating families across the country . #renewui #p2 <http>		national		partisan		P000607		twitter		policy
great news : lieutenant alonzo cushing , a wisconsin-born civil war hero , is going to be awarded the medal of honor . he played a key role in securing a victory for the union at the battle of gettysburg . lt . cushing is an american hero and truly deserving of this honor . it's never too late to do the right thing , even after more than 150 years .		national		neutral		K000188		facebook		policy
congratulations to the talented students from junior achievement of greater st . louis , inc . , who made their way to capitol hill yesterday to showcase their entrepreneurial spirit at the national junior achievement summit . the students were finalists in the junior achievement national company of the year program !		constituency		neutral		M001170		facebook		information
king obama's #entitlement #kingdom comes with some expensive strings attached <http>		national		neutral		H001057		facebook		other
thanks to the shale boom , gas prices are dropping across the nation ! #yes2energy @housecommerce <http>		national		neutral		W000413		twitter		support
regrettably , the house failed to approve its proposal for a new #farmbill . frankly , i was shocked by the outcome . <http>		national		partisan		F000449		twitter		information
dr lonnie shea and his research team share their work in cancer biology and regenerative medicine #path2cures <http>		national		neutral		U000031		twitter		information
i released a statement on the appointment of a new acting director for new mexico's va . read it here : <http>		national		neutral		L000580		twitter		personal
i encourage everyone in brooklyn to remember the contributions of women to the development of our nation . from abigail adams , whose works informed the drafting of our constitution , to rosa parks , whose courage has inspired generations of ci ... vil rights activists , women have been leaders in the fight for equality . our work must continue . women are still underrepresented in elected office and in the executive suites of our corporation , while wage discrimination persists . to read the full statement , visit my website at clarke.house.gov .		national		partisan		C001067		facebook		support
frank will be speaking in washington today at the smithsonian . wishing him luck !		national		neutral		S001181		twitter		support
today , we bow our heads in solemn remembrance of the victims lost in the terror attacks on this country on september 11 , 2001 and in benghazi on september 11 , 2012 . we reflect with gratitude on all of the men and women who have bravely fought to defend us from anyone seeking to harm the united states and her citizens , and we pray for all those still fighting . on this somber day in our nation ‰ űşs history , we stand united as americans and steadfast in our resolve to ensure that our sacred ideals of freedom , justice and peace continue to shine as a beacon of hope for future generations around the world , despite the many challenges that exist . may god continue to bless the united states of america !		national		neutral		B001257		facebook		policy
october is domestic violence awareness month & a time 2 recognize the epidemic of domestic violence & renew our promise 2 protect all women .		national		neutral		H001049		twitter		mobilization
despite the president's comments , healthcare.gov cannot handle the enrollment errors . <http>		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		attack
honored to spend time with employees at boeing last night to celebrate their long history of service to our country . <http>		national		neutral		W000812		twitter		personal
listen now ! <http>		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		support
it was a true honor to award ben weber , wwii veteran - his military service medals and flag flown over the u . s . capitol this weekend for his valiant service to this country .		national		neutral		G000552		facebook		personal
my first instagram post ! i ‰ űşm back in d . c . after a busy district work week . thanks to everyone who joined me at our town hall meetings and industry tours . look forward to keeping in touch on here and sharing what i am up to both in washington and back home ! #tn06 <http>		national		neutral		B001273		facebook		personal
great to see manufacturers continue to invest and create jobs in west michigan ! here are five examples just in holland , michigan ! <http>		constituency		neutral		H001058		facebook		information
do you have satellite radio ? i'll be on potus xm's @morningbriefing with tim farley talking #yourtime this am at 7:20 eastern . channel 124		national		neutral		R000591		twitter		media
no child should be held back due to zip codes . proud to support quality & choice in education this #charterschoolweek <http>		national		neutral		B001256		twitter		support
my stamement on the house passed appropriations bill : <http>		national		neutral		J000292		twitter		support
boko haram is an islamic terrorist group operating in africa . this group recently kidnapped roughly 250 ( mostly christian ) schoolgirls from chibok , nigeria . boko haram forced the girls to don islamic dress and recite verses from the koran . they plan to sell the girls as brides to islamic men . boko haram leader abubakr shekau ‰ űşs recent speech provided with stark clarity the motivation of the group . shekau said the attack is part of a ‰ űďjihad war against christians and christianity . it is a war against western education , democracy and constitution ‰ ű_ allah said we should finish them when we get them . ‰ űť in his speech , shekau cited his islamic faith in support of abolishing religious freedom , slaughtering christians and jews , selling girls into slavery , raping girls as young as 9 years old , and assassinating the president of the united states . in a hearing before the house foreign affairs committee , i was stunned to see a state department official hedge on whether boko haram is motivated by a desire to wage islamic jihad against ‰ űďinfidels ‰ űť such as christians . we cannot blind ourselves to reality . we must be willing to look the enemy in the eye and call thee by thy name . <http>		national		neutral		D000621		facebook		policy
i agree w / @kirstenpowers10 - - demand an end to media blackout on kermit #gosnell trial . <http> #prolife #abortion		national		partisan		G000562		twitter		policy
increasing access to credit to responsible americans levels the playing field in the credit market . that's why i've introduced the bipartisan ' credit access and inclusion act ' . check out what rick santelli has to say about this common sense bill :		national		partisan		F000451		facebook		policy
tonight : tune into fox business at 7:30 pm to catch my live interview with lou dobbs . we will be discussing today's oversight and government reform hearing on the irs . will you be watching ? share your thoughts and reactions below !		national		neutral		D000621		facebook		support
today i joined great falls national historical park superintendent darren boch along with students from paterson school # 7 and #28 in unveiling a newly renovated piece of land at the great falls for all to enjoy thanks to the hard work of the passaic valley sewerage commission . this marks yet another step forward in making this prized national and historical resource a jewel of our national park system .		national		neutral		P000096		facebook		personal
congrats to pharmajet , a #colorado company , on the @us_fda approval of it ‰ űşs need-free injectors <http>		constituency		neutral		P000593		twitter		information
watched the police video of reese witherspoon's arrest . i think i just lost 25 iq points . and not sure i had them to spare . thanks @cnn .		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		personal
last week , i stopped by #briafcliffmanor fire department to thank them for their critical public service .		national		neutral		L000480		twitter		support
today , i met with representatives of the delta sigma theta sorority to discuss current issues of importance to their organization . the delegation from delta sigma theta , which identifies itself as " the single largest african-american women's organization in the country , " included constituents dawn manning and christina bennett of west orange and robin jackson of caldwell , along with debra chandler and darice toon .		national		partisan		F000372		facebook		policy
in case you missed it on friday evening , you can catch my interview with greta van susteren about healthcare.gov here : <http>		national		neutral		M001187		facebook		media
@housecommerce hearing has started regarding #obamacare . #asksebelius #brokenpromises watch here : <http>		national		neutral		L000564		twitter		information
the last abortion clinic in mississippi . <http>		constituency		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
celebrating chinese new year w summerlin lions club - the lions are the world's largest service organization ! gung hay fat choy ! #nv03		national		neutral		H001055		twitter		support
dr . natalie batalha closed young women can ! with her favorite quote by rui borges : " one day from the shores of a new world we will gaze out at the sea that took us there and its waves will be stars . "		national		neutral		S001175		facebook		information
in 1964 , president johnson declared a war on poverty . 50 years later , 46.5 million americans ‰ űň and 13 % of residents in the 3rd district of ma ‰ űň live below the poverty line . there is still work to be done . america thrives on the principle that if you work hard , you can support your family . let us recommit ourselves to ensuring that every citizen has the tools and opportunities to succeed in this country .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		policy
great news ! pease officially selected to receive new kc - 46a tanker ‰ űň big win for nh jobs , economy & natl security : <http>		national		neutral		S001181		twitter		support
today i introduced legislation to enhance wildlife preservation , improve government efficiency , and protect taxpayer dollars . did you know know that litigation involving the the endangered species act ( esa ) cost taxpayers four times more than other government litigation cases ? this bill works to ensure that esa resources are available for species protection and recovery instead of filling the pockets of lawyers . read more by clicking on the link below .		national		neutral		H001058		facebook		policy
was an honor & a privilege to visit & thank @wyoguard troops stationed in #bahrain this 4th of july weekend . <http>		national		neutral		B001261		twitter		personal
push to get more local say in federal infrastructure funding via @hoi19news <http>		national		neutral		D000619		twitter		policy
tune in to the the rachel maddow show tonight at 9pm on msnbc . we ‰ űşll be talking about how governor mccrory and his republican-controlled legislature have set our state back decades . you don ‰ űşt want to miss this .		constituency		partisan		B001251		facebook		media
rt @senjohnhoeven : setting the record straight on #keystonexl benefits : creates approx . 42,100 jobs , lowers gas prices . more info at : htt ‰ ű_		national		partisan		C001056		twitter		policy
posigen #solar company looking to expand across new york state <http> via @albanybizreview		constituency		neutral		T000469		twitter		information
thanks to @cincybuilders for hosting me today to discuss the housing market and growing the economy . #4jobs <http>		constituency		neutral		C000266		twitter		personal
today is ve day . on this day in 1945 , the u . s . and our allies achieved victory over germany , ending world war ii in europe . thank you to all of our world war ii veterans and to all of those who continue to fight for our nation today .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		personal
rep . griffith ‰ űşs #va09 staff will be holding office hours tomorrow , 6/4 , in marion , covington , new castle , & bristol : <http>		national		partisan		G000568		twitter		personal
today , my mission staff member nichole hernandez attended the rio grande valley chamber of commerce ‰ űşs ‰ űďlegislative report card luncheon . ‰ űť in attendance was state senator ‰ űďchuy ‰ űť hinojosa , state representative oscar longoria , state representative terry canales and state representative sergio muě ± oz . each representative addressed attendees on polices each of them support and how they can benefit and help prosper the rio grande region . specific issues such as the affordable care act , education affordability , the interstate 69 corridor and veteran affairs were one of the many topics discussed at the event .		national		partisan		C001063		facebook		support
on the way to ramallah , west bank . <http>		national		neutral		B001259		twitter		other
twenty five years ago yesterday , the east german people threw off the burden of communist oppression . brave east german citizens forced their government to allow them access to west germany , and in the process , they literally dismantled the wall that had separated the east from the west for nearly 30 years .		national		neutral		C001051		facebook		policy
#tbt to march when i had the opportunity to visit ukraine with senate colleagues amid mounting russian aggression in eastern ukraine . pictured here at maidan square paying respects to those who were lost during peaceful protests for greater freedoms . much has happened since then , but the united states position ‰ űň and my own ‰ űň has been unwavering in support of the ukrainian people and their sovereignty .		national		partisan		D000563		facebook		media
icymi : rogers : no u . s . ground-stations for russia <http>		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		information
@reptommarino , thanks for dedicating time on the floor to talk important reforms to nfip . <http>		national		neutral		S001176		twitter		support
creating #jobs through opening new markets is a major priority for me and my house colleagues . #4jobs <http>		national		neutral		K000376		twitter		policy
rt @mha : telemedicine consults at rural ers helps prevent prescription errors ( via @genevrapittman for @medcitynews ) <http>		national		neutral		H001045		twitter		information
congrats to frank darcy , irishman of the year , at woodbridge st patrick's day parade . marched with @woodbridgemayor mccormac & council .		national		neutral		P000034		twitter		support
@chris_holbert #stopinyumafirst		national		neutral		G000562		twitter		support
the federal housing finance agency ( fhfa ) today announced it is taking new steps to reach homeowners who could benefit from the home affordable refinance program ( harp ) . call my office for more information at 773-224-6500 .		constituency		neutral		R000515		facebook		policy
mcconnell on obamacare : what kentuckians & americans really need : a full repeal of this job-killing mess of a law . watch full speech below :		national		partisan		M000355		facebook		policy
throughout april we celebrate the month of the military child . see some of the ways the sacrifices and contributions of military children are being recognized here : <http> .		national		partisan		E000291		facebook		policy
i'll be hosting not one , but two town hall meetings on saturday , december 13 , 2014 . * general town hall * eastwood high school theater 2430 mcrae blvd , el paso , tx 79925 9 a . m . to 10 a . m . * veteran town hall * eastwood high school theater 2430 mcrae blvd , el paso , tx 79925 1:00 p . m . to 2:00 p . m . hope to see you there !		constituency		neutral		O000170		facebook		information
this grant award is a testament to the high quality service the atlantic highlands fire department provides to our community !		constituency		neutral		P000034		facebook		policy
luke 1:43 and whence is this to me , that the mother of my lord should come to me ?		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		support
day 24 : are you interested in attending a united states service academy ? we can help ! our next service academy day is in johnstown on may 10 . you can talk with me and representatives from the air force academy , coast guard academy , merchant marine academy , military academy , and naval academy . for more information , visit <http> we are here to help ! #30days30ways		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		information
i'll be on sirius xm's potus @morningbriefing w / tim farley at 8: 05 a . m to talk about #equalpayday . hope you can listen .		national		neutral		F000462		twitter		media
another great stop on my #fl18 jobs tour , today i visited maverick boat company - the official page in fort pierce .		national		neutral		M001191		facebook		personal
despite the president ‰ űşs promises , healthcare premiums are on the rise for young people and middle class families , nearly 7 million americans will lose their job-based health insurance plans , and care to our nation ‰ űşs seniors is placed in the hands of 15 unelected , unaccountable bureaucrats under the affordable care act .		national		partisan		B001275		facebook		policy
please pray for or keep in your thoughts the family of marine lance corporal andrew silva of union city . andrew , 23 , was senselessly murdered today in a dui hit & run . he recently served in afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and son . <http>		constituency		neutral		S001193		facebook		information
considering an inter-country adoption ? check out <http> #nam13		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		policy
reminder from @sdcaltrans - portions of southbound i - 15 in north county will be closed sat . eve - mon am . <http>		constituency		neutral		P000608		twitter		information
will be on @homeandfamilytv this morning at 10/9 c . discussing motherhood , cooking and much more . <http>		national		neutral		B001256		twitter		media
last thursday the senate voted to proceed to debate a bill that wasn't available for us to review at the time . next week the senate will move forward with debating the gun control legislation . i will keep you updated on the proceedings . i will also continue to look for ways to ensure that the voices of those who want to protect the 2nd amendment become an important part of this debate : <http>		national		neutral		L000577		facebook		policy
data breaches , like the ones we ‰ űşve most recently seen with ebay and target , happen far too often . citizens put their trust in corporations and their security systems every day when they shop , bolstering the economy and providing for their families in the process . it is unfair that they are unprotected as they go about their daily lives . i am pleased to introduce the commercial privacy bill of rights with senator menendez in order to protect consumers ‰ űş personal information and hold those accountable who fail to keep that information secure . to read my full press release , please visit : <http>		national		partisan		S001165		facebook		policy
spent this morning talking to high school students from across ar visiting dc with the ar electrical co-op ! great meeting everyone !		constituency		neutral		C001095		facebook		information
the wing bowl is an annual philadelphia tradition to make sure eagles fans like me have something to be excited about on super bowl weekend . will this year ‰ űşs winner beat last year ‰ űşs total of 337 wings ?		constituency		neutral		T000461		facebook		constituency
joining @robbhanrahancbs on face the state on @cbs21news around 11:30 this morning to talk about #ebola . <http>		national		neutral		P000605		twitter		support
the ultimate solution is we must repeal every word of obamacare #callwithcruz		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		policy
#maduro's thugs shld be sanctioned 4 their repression . my bill does so + passed the house . #sosvzla @mcclatchydc <http>		national		partisan		R000435		facebook		policy
join me for a google hangout 2/4 to discuss actions to combat campus sexual assault w / @knowyourix @nwlc @aauw <http>		national		neutral		S001175		twitter		personal
i have written before about president obama's apparent failure to read his daily security briefings . i think this comment from him sums up exactly what i mean ( throwing clapper under the bus along the way ): ' our head of the intelligence community , jim clapper , ' obama said , ' has acknowledged that , i think , they underestimated what had been taking place in syria . ' but in reality , the administration was warned all along about the rise of isis / isil . defense intelligence director , lt . gen . michael flynn had warned president obama and repeated that info to congress : from the attached article : ' by february [ 2014 ] we had generals basically reading out their memos to congress , ' he added , referring to testimony from lieutenant general michael flynn , the director of the defense intelligence agency . flynn predicted isis ' probably will attempt to take territory in iraq and syria to exhibit its strength in 2014 . ' the islamist terror group had already seized fallujah and ramadi , he said , had the ' ability to concurrently maintain multiple safe havens in syria . ' by the time flynn spoke on capitol hill , congress had already heard the story at least once before . assistant secretary of state brett mcgurk told a house foreign affairs subcommittee in november 2013 that isis had been militarily active all year because of ' a permissive operating environment due to inherent weaknesses of iraqi security forces , poor operational tactics , and popular grievances , which remain unaddressed . ' ' it has also benefited from a sanctuary across the porous border in syria , control of lucrative facilities there , such as oil wells , and regular movement of weapons and fighters between syria and iraq , ' mcgurk said .		national		neutral		D000615		facebook		support
for many of you , it's a good weekend to get out and enjoy the beautiful fall colors in our state .		national		neutral		M001180		facebook		personal
@chrislhayes this a . m . highlighted special interest tax giveaways in #fiscalcliff deal . worth sharing - <http>		national		partisan		M000933		twitter		mobilization
with the establishment of the select committee on benghazi , we can work to reveal all of the facts of what happened , how it could have been avoided , what can be done to prevent this from happening again and who made the decisions to not help our american personnel when they were under attack .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		policy
congresswoman tulsi gabbard is back home in hawai'i after 2 weeks of national guard training in missouri . this morning , she will attend the ymca of honolulu ‰ űşs 63rd annual youth in government opening day ceremony at the hawai'i state capitol to administer the oath of office to students serving as delegates and elected officers as they begin their 2014 legislative session . this evening , the congresswoman will meet with members of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) and recognize service award recipients at the organization's annual dr . martin luther king , jr . awards gala .		national		neutral		G000571		facebook		personal
had a very good meeting at east l . a . ‰ űşs centro maravilla service center last night with local residents and members of the maravilla community advisory committee . thanks to carmen gonzalez and the committee for letting me come and chat about my work to promote local economic development , to reform our immigration system , and to fund our community health centers , among other issues . and thanks to everyone who attended the meeting and shared their views with me ! i had a great time .		national		neutral		R000486		facebook		policy
we will remember the innocent who have died from reckless gun violence . we will not be silent ! #honorwithaction <http>		national		partisan		K000385		twitter		policy
spoke this morning at the sba international business expo in flushing .		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		other
like my @facebook page for updates on how i'm working hard for you and others in #nm . <http>		constituency		neutral		L000580		twitter		mobilization
news for the massive health care law gets worse and worse . we need better patient-centered solutions that give individuals and families control over their health care decisions . my column from yesterday ‰ űşs daily news :		national		neutral		H001056		facebook		policy
had the opportunity to talk education with some impressive clemson student government members and faculty <http>		constituency		partisan		S001184		twitter		policy
it's primary day in our state , and i encourage kansans to visit the polls . as americans , we have the opportunity to elect the individuals who represent us at the local , state and national level . by exercising your right to vote , you can help make certain the next generation has the opportunity to achieve the american dream . this morning , i voted at westview community church in manhattan .		constituency		neutral		M000934		facebook		mobilization
i look forward to voting to repeal obamacare next week . the law is hurting our economy and making healthcare more expensive for working families . we can and we must do better .		national		partisan		C000059		facebook		information
back in dc with the nd rural water association . north dakota has serious water issues & i am committed to addressing them		constituency		neutral		H001069		facebook		personal
great seeing col . higgins of the 107th and other military men and women representing the military association of new york .		national		neutral		C001092		facebook		personal
the american dream is out of reach for too many hardworking people . the workers i marched with today work at the united states capitol and are striking for a livable wage , the right to join a union , and , most importantly , the opportunity to provide for their families free of public assistance . president obama can sign an executive order to give them this opportunity and he can do it today . mr . president , help us make america the land of opportunity once again .		national		partisan		E000288		facebook		policy
beef checkoff operates best when it is run by producers and with the support of those throughout the beef industry . <http>		national		neutral		E000285		twitter		policy
getting my " bubba watson " on this am @wafflehouse w / cheese n eggs , bacon , coffee & hashbrowns ! <http>		national		neutral		D000615		twitter		support
students are telling congress : #dontdoublemyrate . i've answered the call . only 23 members needed to force a vote . <http>		national		neutral		C001090		twitter		personal
traveling 6th district ! spent tues speaking to @fwhcc & awarding ryan esplin the tdf foundation veterans scholarship <http>		constituency		neutral		B000213		twitter		personal
it's our job to pass laws , not give favors to foreign oil corporations #keystone <http>		national		neutral		G000556		twitter		policy
@oleharold we do have a serious problem . rest assured i am working to find answers and fight corruption .		national		neutral		R000582		twitter		personal
1 #taxextenders amdt i filed would generate cleaner air & american #jobs by extending investment tax credit for offshore #wind ( 4/5 )		national		partisan		C000174		twitter		policy
<http>		national		neutral		L000571		facebook		policy
if #obamacare is so great ... why does the #obama administration keep delaying key parts of the law ? <http> #txcot #txgop #dfw		national		partisan		B000213		twitter		attack
tonight : don't forget to join me at my ft . worth town hall tonight from 6:30- 8p m . <http>		constituency		partisan		V000131		twitter		personal
if you're in the iron mountain are tomorrow make sure to stop by my office ! i will be hold office hours from 3-4 pm cst .		constituency		neutral		B001271		twitter		constituency
" the oath to support and defend the constitution is not one i take lightly . " this is an historic moment for our country . it is my hope that together the members of this congress will seize the opportunity to accomplish bold , comprehensive tax and spending reforms that correct our debt mess and restore prosperity to this , the greatest nation on earth . - congresswoman virginia foxx		national		neutral		F000450		facebook		other
we are not doing enough to address poverty in our nation and trickle down economics will not break the cycle . i shared my views in an interview that appears today on the huffington post website . <http>		national		partisan		F000455		facebook		policy
i introduced a bill today with congressman congressman jerry nadler that would promote organ donation and protect the rights of living donors . read more here : <http>		national		partisan		B001248		facebook		policy
today is the 3rd birthday of #obamacare - the law that has brought skyrocketing premiums , higher taxes & less freedom for american families .		national		partisan		W000815		twitter		policy
remember , the deadline for the congressional art competition is just one week away ! <http>		national		neutral		P000588		twitter		information
congrats to @repjoeheck for being selected for a well-deserved promotion to brigadier general ! <http>		national		neutral		H001066		twitter		support
this wednesday , the senate will move to consider legislation that would increase the national minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour . this increase would raise the wages of people of color by $ 16.1 billion . a $ 10.10 minimum wage would benefit 2.2 million californians , increase wages for at least 25 million workers across the country , create $ 22 billion in new economic activity , and lift at least a million americans out of poverty . check out this interactive map to find out how increasing the national minimum wage could help you : <http>		national		partisan		R000486		facebook		policy
thank you @eddavis3 for a riveting & informative discussion about public safety and what it means to be #bostonstrong <http>		constituency		neutral		T000465		twitter		support
just taped an interview w / @tjdelsanto about #nca2014 , a report on the ongoing effects of #climate change . watch @wpri at 5:15 pm for more .		national		neutral		W000802		twitter		personal
#fmla took effect 20yrs ago , allowing americans to care for a loved one or themselves w / o risking job . but there's more to do . #paidleavenow		national		neutral		L000580		twitter		personal
made a new friend at the easter parade today . <http>		national		neutral		Y000062		twitter		personal
icymi , here's the link to my op-ed in the @pilotnews on why #va should expand its #medicaid program : <http> #obamacare		national		partisan		S000185		twitter		policy
photo : congrats to texas tech and chancellor hance on reaching their $ 1 billion fundraising goal :		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		personal
at scarborough beach launching ‰ űďsun smarts ‰ űť public health campaign to prevent #skincancer w / @rihospital @rihealth @pawsox & dermatologists .		constituency		neutral		R000122		twitter		constituency
i cosponsored h.res . 36 , legislation sponsored by rep . frank wolf forming a select committee to expeditiously investigate and definitively report on the terrorist attacks on the u . s . consulate in benghazi , libya , that claimed four american lives including our u . s . ambassador to libya . over a year later , important questions remain unanswered . it is my hope that this committee will shine a light on that dark day and bring justice for four american patriots and their loved ones . our countrymen who serve on the frontlines of diplomacy and work to advance our nation ‰ űşs interests must know that we will provide whatever resources are needed to ensure their safety . those who seek to harm them and to sabotage american interests must know that america will never rest until justice has been carried out .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		policy
introducing the path to prosperity board game - under the #gopbudget , it's hard to get ahead . #p2 <http>		national		partisan		P000607		twitter		attack
i'm holding a live telephone town hall right now . i value the feedback i receive from kansans in the 3rd district and appreciate the input i receive from these calls . if you want to join our call pool to be included in future telephone town halls , please visit my website and email me . thank you . <http>		constituency		neutral		Y000063		facebook		information
with old friends maria & bill bribriesco last night in davenport . @mariabribriesco @scottcodems @iowademocrats <http>		constituency		neutral		B001259		twitter		personal
thanks to @martin_dempsey for welcoming my #sotu guest last night @keesler_afb airman msgt becky patterson <http>		national		neutral		P000601		twitter		personal
ryan helped make the cake . why two candles ? that's how many ryan would allow . old style is my traditional beer , as a cubs fan . hard to find in central indiana . common place in the region . 219 !		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		information
with the great american energy renaissance , we have an opportunity to jumpstart the economy and bring high-paying jobs to cities across texas and the nation . all we need to do is get the government out of the way . for far too long , the government has stifled opportunity and this bill will help americans to do what they do best ‰ űó dream , innovate , and prosper .		national		partisan		C001098		facebook		policy
proud to see rochester ‰ űşs wegmans at #12 on the @fortunemagazine list of 100 best companies to work for <http> .		constituency		neutral		C001092		twitter		information
may the peace of christ be with you and your family this easter sunday . <http>		national		neutral		J000255		twitter		personal
sen . stabenow leading the fight to keep student loan rates low . join her and say #dontdoublemyrate ! <http>		national		partisan		S000770		twitter		policy
today @nwyc presented us with an award for our commitment to serve our constituents - which is our # 1 priority . #mi11 <http>		constituency		neutral		B001280		twitter		constituency
chatted with a few @peacecorps volunteers in #manila during my congressional delegation trip in asia . <http>		constituency		neutral		K000379		twitter		constituency
the internet has had a revolutionary impact on this nation and on the world . i'm fighting to keep it free . <http>		national		partisan		B001243		facebook		policy
#1010means 1 million veterans will see a pay increase . let's thank them for their service and #raisethewage		national		neutral		D000598		facebook		support
number of the day : 1 . it's been 1 year today since the supreme court ruled that obamacare is the law of the land . since then , we've seen premiums increasing , millions of americans losing the plans they have , billions in tax hikes , fewer people covered , millions more uninsured , and job losses . no wonder a majority of americans disapprove of this monstrosity : <http>		national		partisan		S001183		facebook		attack
icymi : i spoke on the senate floor today on our need for energy independence and the keystone pipeline . watch : <http>		national		partisan		S001184		twitter		support
gobble gobble from the turkey shoppe in edgefield ! enjoyed the chance to sit down and talk with folks about their thoughts and concerns .		constituency		neutral		S001184		facebook		personal
senate confirms norman bay , cheryl lafleur to @ferc . they bring strong experience to energy regulation . <http>		national		neutral		F000062		twitter		support
when will wash start work to control spending ? deal failed 2 do so & president made clear he wants more tax increases . yet prob is spending		national		partisan		G000386		twitter		attack
new @usdol #careeronestop website will connect #vets to employers <http>		national		neutral		M001181		twitter		information
video : cornyn : will red state democrats vote to defund obamacare ? <http>		national		neutral		C001056		twitter		mobilization
stuffing packages for troops deployed overseas this morning . a big thank you to all who have put their efforts into operation uso care package , which has distributed millions of care packages to our troops since its inception .		national		neutral		F000445		facebook		support
indiana ranked in the top 10 of the 2015 state business tax climate index ! <http> #economy #jobs #indiana		constituency		partisan		S001188		twitter		constituency
appreciated the opportunity to hear from constituents this weekend at " #coffeewithkeith - ice cream edition " at the windmill in hopewell township . - keith		constituency		neutral		R000598		facebook		information
#1010means lifting the wages of 15 million women & their families #raisethewage <http>		national		neutral		B000711		twitter		personal
spoke w @kusi_news re : my telemedicine bill for vets & service members . san diego ‰ űşs #innovation econ . leading way . <http>		constituency		neutral		P000608		twitter		constituency
this is outrageous ! the irs continues to target tea party cases as they are still being subjected to additional screening - even thought there's no evidence of political activity . join my efforts to stop this , co-sponsor my bill that deters irs employees from targeting americans based on their political beliefs : <http>		national		partisan		J000174		facebook		policy
@_jmilly great to see you at the @deltas_united get fit event in hayward !		constituency		neutral		S001193		twitter		personal
this weekend i celebrated the proud culture of korean americans at the 19th annual chicago korean festival . honored to advocate for divided family members like chahee stanfield who haven't seen family in n . korea in 60 + years .		national		neutral		K000360		facebook		support
the cost of living continues to rise with 59 percent of americans saying they're spending more on groceries now than they did last year . learn more about house republicans ' #americansolutions to help families at <http> .		national		neutral		E000291		facebook		information
yes i will ! rt @victoriafinkle : crapo also said he'll keep fighting for structural change to cfpb .		national		partisan		C000880		twitter		support
rt @nowthisnews : rep . trey radel ( r - #fl ) slams #obamacare . #politics <http>		national		partisan		R000596		twitter		policy
i'm going on the record w / greta van susteren tonight at 10:40 pm on fox news to discuss this disturbing new report :		national		neutral		J000292		facebook		policy
i honored our veterans at the northeast la veterans day parade today . the best way to show this gratitude is by keeping our promises to america ‰ űşs service members and #veterans .		national		neutral		B000287		facebook		media
attention high school students : do you have a good idea for a mobile app ? enter the congressional app challenge now . click below for more information		national		neutral		F000462		facebook		support
today , i toured leto high school with alumna and school board member susan valdes and principal fernandez . i was impressed by the dedication of the administration , staff , teachers . the technical education programs in culinary arts and automotive sciences are giving students the skills to land good jobs . i look forward to seeing even more students benefit from this neighborhood gem when their collegiate academy kicks off this fall . go falcons !		national		neutral		C001066		facebook		other
check out some shots from yesterday's reenactment of gen . washington's historic delaware crossing ! <http>		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		personal
first sighting of the new baby kangaroo at the @columbuszoo . can ‰ űşt wait to check it out this summer with my family ! <http>		national		neutral		S001187		twitter		support
catch rep . susan brooks of indiana in this week's republican address !		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		media
such tragic news today in alaska . i am heartbroken over the two fallen alaska state troopers in tanana , and send my prayers , respect and condolences to the johnson and rich families .		national		neutral		M001153		facebook		personal
moving to conference on the #budget is one of the best signals congress can send to america . watch : <http> . #mepolitics		national		partisan		K000383		twitter		support
help raise the alarm on government abuse and overreach july 1st in prescott at a congressional field hearing .		constituency		partisan		G000565		facebook		information
a majority of small business owners , like this one , agree that congress must #raisethewage now : <http>		national		partisan		J000126		twitter		policy
we just got a phone call from a constituent who is losing his health care plan because of the affordable care act . it ‰ űşs a plan he and his wife have had for years . his $ 5,000 deductible is going up to $ 12,700 and his monthly cost is increasing from $ 397 / mo to $ 831 / mo . the affordable care is act is proving to be anything but affordable .		constituency		partisan		M001189		facebook		attack
with energy costs on the rise and slow job growth , it is disappointing that president obama decided to declare a #waroncoal and impose policies that will hurt our economy and drive up costs for american families . what do you think ? please leave your comments below .		national		partisan		W000813		facebook		personal
rt @reptimgriffin : watch @nancypelosi refuse to negotiate the debt ceiling , claim ‰ űďthere ‰ űşs no more cuts to make ‰ űť <http> #ne ‰ ű_		national		neutral		F000450		twitter		policy
i believe that in america if you work hard & play by the rules , you should be able to get ahead #paycheckfairness <http>		national		partisan		M000702		twitter		support
i just voted for and the house passed h . r . 5759 , a bill to stop president obama ‰ űşs executive amnesty plan and prevent any similar actions in the future . the house has acted on behalf of the american people to stop president obama ‰ űşs lawless action and preserve our constitutional checks and balances . this is one positive step in what will be a broad effort to shut down the president ‰ űşs plan . i am very encouraged by the lawsuit filed yesterday by seventeen states , including georgia . the incoming senate republican majority will soon work with the house to block executive amnesty . conservative senators have already promised to use their unique powers , such as the ability to block presidential appointments . until the president ‰ űşs last day in office , we must continue fighting to uphold the law and restore balance to our government .		national		neutral		G000560		facebook		information
immediately after #vawa vote , i will be speaking on house floor about the need to prevent sequester cuts . if we allow the sequester to take effect , americans will see more teacher layoffs , indiscriminate cuts to special education , a loss of 4 million meals for seniors , and debilitating cuts to health care for military families . there is still time to prevent these harmful across-the-board spending cuts . i will be asking for unanimous consent to bring up h . r . 699 , a balanced bill to replace the sequester , and includes both spending cuts and revenues .		national		neutral		V000131		facebook		policy
the house vote this week to repeal obamacare is about protecting central florida jobs and clearing the way for true , patient-centered reform that guarantees the care you need , from the doctors you choose , at a price you can afford .		national		partisan		W000806		facebook		personal
5yrs ago , transcanada submitted its application to the @statedept for #keystonexl . #timetobuild #jobs & advance #energysecurity for usa .		national		neutral		F000461		twitter		support
excited to welcome @secretaryfoxx to #il17 today to talk about replacing the i - 74 bridge & the need to invest in infrastructure		constituency		neutral		B001286		twitter		constituency
today i introduced the equal justice for our military act . service members , who sacrifice so much to protect our rights , should have the right to appeal to the supreme court like the rest of us . <http>		national		partisan		D000598		facebook		policy
rt @hfacdemocrats : 1st episode of #askengel is up ! @metodijakoloski & @therealmrtim ask about us support for @nato enlargement & #syria : ht ‰ ű_		national		neutral		E000179		twitter		policy
i met with national field archery association president bruce cull and enjoyed touring the facility today in yankton . <http>		national		neutral		J000177		twitter		support
wishing everyone a safe and happy thanksgiving . i'm thankful to our service men and women who make great sacrifices to keep us safe .		national		neutral		C001070		facebook		personal
just finished interviewing with @mortonowh in statuary hall after the #sotu . <http>		national		neutral		F000449		twitter		support
great work to all the firefighters and officials working on the four fires in the monzano and gallinas mountains .		constituency		partisan		P000588		twitter		support
pleased to help announce more federal & state funding for the big nrcs flood mitigation project in schoharie county . <http>		constituency		neutral		G000564		facebook		media
@pautrat_cecilia call my office tomorrow and see if we can be helpful : 973 639 8700		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
#potus needs to tell his doe to expedite the existing #lng permit process & set firm deadlines for doe to act on all pending applications .		national		neutral		B001261		twitter		policy
hazlet business owners association sponsoring food drive in #keansburg , #nj through 2/28 - to help call 732.888.8118		constituency		neutral		P000034		twitter		mobilization
on washington journal this morning , john spoke about what congress can do to restore our economic competitiveness , grow the private sector , and create jobs . to view the video , click here :		national		partisan		D000620		facebook		policy
thanks to @autismspeaks & work of @senatorenzi @senatormenendez @repchrissmith @usrepmikedoyle for autism cares act <http>		national		partisan		M000933		twitter		support
concerned about your privacy online ? me too . tune into my cybersecurity subcommittee hearing at 2pm today to learn about ways we can safeguard our privacy as we work to protect america from foreign cyber attacks .		national		partisan		M001181		facebook		policy
last week , governor patrick announced a $ 27.9 million grant for infrastructure and education improvements in the merrimack valley . modernization projects will begin at places like umasslowell and the northern essex community colleges . i commend governor patrick for focusing on not only advancing the commonwealth ‰ űşs academic mission , but our commitment to producing more energy-efficient infrastructure across the state , and encouraging further innovation from our students !		constituency		neutral		T000465		facebook		mobilization
a piecemeal approach to reopening the government is a cynical gimmick . we need comprehensive bill to end shutdown for all americans .		national		partisan		E000293		facebook		policy
were you audited by the #irs based on your political ideology ? share your story here : <http>		national		neutral		F000461		twitter		mobilization
visiting with health care professionals in ruidoso ... hearing lots of serious concerns about the affordable care act		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		policy
thrilled to be at groundbreaking for i - 94 expansion , which will increase mobility , safety , and jobs in minnesota . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001256		twitter		constituency
rt @rephartzler : beautiful u . s . capitol christmas tree this year ! may this season bring good tidings to all . <http>		national		neutral		L000111		twitter		personal
i will continue to fight to keep the internet tax free . <http>		national		partisan		B001243		facebook		policy
rt @mo04fieldreps : visiting the california nutrition center with @rephartzler #cj #zb		constituency		neutral		H001053		facebook		constituency
senate passes #vawa reauthorization in vote of 78-22		national		neutral		S001181		twitter		information
see what's on the house floor this week : <http>		national		neutral		R000575		facebook		support
did you know : 73 % of americans want to #raisethewage and 67 % of small business owners agree ? #wematter		national		neutral		M000725		twitter		policy
my column in today's @theobserver on the opportunity presented by the interim nuclear agreement with iran . #ncpol <http>		national		neutral		P000523		twitter		media
deaths from narcotic painkillers quadrupled in past decade : cdc <http> via @usnews		national		neutral		F000043		twitter		information
looking forward to a discussion on the #aca with jim bohannon at 10 pm . if you're in nepa tune into either 840am , 960am or 1200am !		national		neutral		C001090		twitter		policy
#potus is not credible to determine the best interests of #israel : <http>		national		partisan		W000814		twitter		policy
have a safe and happy st . patrick's day this weekend ! #indy		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		personal
higher medical costs are forcing more americans to go without care . @gallupnews : <http> #obamacare #brokenpromises		national		partisan		S001172		twitter		policy
joining @larry_kudlow on @77wabcradio to discuss what's next for the irs scandal and the federal reserve . <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		media
welcome back to my colleague @senatorkirk , returning to senate today . read his inspiring story : <http>		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		support
a wonderful new program to honor our veterans and teach our youth the importance of service : the hometown heroes service learning project is an important pilot program of the vietnam veterans memorial fund . hometown heroes is a curriculum that gives students an opportunity to learn about local veterans who served and sacrificed during the vietnam war and in other military conflicts in our nation ‰ űşs history . i enjoyed meeting outstanding student participant david placido of rainier senior high school last week , whose project was highlighted at the official launch .		national		neutral		M001176		facebook		personal
@scottlpa scott , when you say " u need to stop it " what are your specific suggestions ? we've told them to stop & alerted people of the truth		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
watch live : @housescience hearing following up on concerns regarding the security of <http> <http> .		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		policy
world champions , see you at the parade on market street this friday ! what a magical team !		national		neutral		S001175		facebook		personal
‰ űďafter a string of high-profile horror stories , alongside a disturbing new report exposing the staggering scope of the problem , public attention is now rightly focused on how to curb sexual assaults in our military . we can't let this opportunity pass . congress has to get this right . we approach this debate as democratic women serving in a male-dominated congress . we're senior members of the senate and house armed services committees , respectively . more to the point ‰ űó one of us is a survivor of sexual assault , the other a former courtroom prosecutor of sex crimes . and those experiences shape our approach , and fuel our passion , to find the strongest possible reforms to achieve justice for survivors of these crimes . ‰ űť read claire and congresswoman loretta sanchez's column in usa today on their approach to combating military sexual assault .		national		neutral		M001170		facebook		information
rt @mmfa : fox claims only 1.5 % of fast food workers support their families on their minimum wage salary . the actual number ? 68 % <http>		national		neutral		E000288		twitter		information
one year ago today , house republican leadership shut down the government in an attempt to force through their agenda to repeal healthcare reform . it cost our economy $ 24 billion and 120,000 jobs , halted business loans , disrupted job training for returning veterans , prevented patients from entering nih clinical trials , and furloughed two-thirds of the staff at the centers for disease control . i ‰ űşm relieved republican leaders did not repeat such irresponsible behavior this year , and i ‰ űşm now working on a bipartisan project to modernize medical research , but congress must never do this kind of direct damage to the country .		national		partisan		D000197		facebook		policy
i ‰ űşm updating my facebook cover photo and i ‰ űşd like your help ! submit your favorite photo taken in hawai ‰ ű ÷ i to be considered for my facebook cover photo . to enter , email a high-resolution photo , along with your name and where the photo was taken , to gabbardphotocontest@gmail.com by august 15 . contest information and rules are available here : <http> . - tg		constituency		neutral		G000571		facebook		personal
simple question asked by national journal - do you trust the president ? share your answer below !		national		partisan		B000213		facebook		information
the us has tripled its defense spending since 1997 and spends more on defense than the rest of the world combined . #budget		national		partisan		S000033		twitter		policy
after too many years of brinkmanship and political games , we have a budget that sets a path forward to get congress back to work on real issues . this deal is not perfect , but compromises rarely are . i ‰ űşm pleased this budget undoes a large part of the senseless cuts of sequestration while taking a balanced approach to increasing revenue while cutting spending . i ‰ űşm disappointed the budget does not extend unemployment benefits that will expire for 25,000 jobless washingtonians at the end of this month . this has to be a top priority for congress early next year .		national		neutral		L000560		facebook		policy
mr . milbank continues to tow the democrat party line . he attempts to remind me of history . however , he forgets that 6 times since 1985 presidents and congress have negotiated on the debt ceiling , a must pass legislation that links with the continuing resolution ( spending bill ) . the last president was obama in 2011 over the budget control act . <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		attack
october is domestic violence awareness month . each year , millions of women are victimized by domestic violence , a problem which no community in america has escaped . this october , let ‰ űşs recommit ourselves to making sure that we support domestic violence victims and continue our efforts to make domestic violence a thing of the past . - john		national		neutral		D000620		facebook		policy
several colleagues and i intro'ed #hjres123 , which would require potus to present strategic plan to congress . #isis #isil		national		neutral		I000056		twitter		policy
stopped by @ksatnews in sa today to talk about the doubling of student loan rates & comprehensive immigration reform <http>		national		neutral		D000399		twitter		media
where were you 50 years ago today when jfk was shot ?		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		personal
why #skillsact ? because this is confusing ( <http> ) .		national		neutral		F000450		twitter		policy
today , we held our first in a series of hearings on the boston marathon bombings , and there were some important initial takeaways . for starters , we cannot be afraid to name our enemy . if the threat is the radicalization of muslim youth , then we need to be able to say that . it's also clear that information sharing between intelligence agencies and law enforcement is still not where it needs to be . we can't allow political correctness and government bureaucracy endanger our safety . at the same time , national security can't be an excuse to ignore our civil liberties .		national		partisan		D000615		facebook		support
4 years since ‰ űďrecovery summer ‰ űť & here is reason # 9 senate democrats to act on the 40 house-passed jobs bills : far more adults have left the workforce than found new jobs . under the obama administration , the ratio of adults in their early and prime working years that have left the workforce for every one that found new employment is more than 3:1 .		national		partisan		M001179		facebook		policy
the term limits op-ed i co-wrote with rep . bridenstine ran in this morning's issue of politico . take a minute to read about why we need to make congress more accountable to the people we represent .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		policy
i'll be voting in a few minutes to re-authorize funding for the poison control center's hotline , which fields 200,000 calls each year from californians and helps save lives . pharmacists , physicians , nurses , and poison information providers answer the hotline 24/7 . keep their phone number on hand ! 1-800-222-1222		constituency		partisan		D000612		facebook		policy
my remarks on the house floor right now in absolute anger at speaker boehner and gop leadership for adjourning before federal assistance for our communities and those devastated by hurricane sandy could be voted on . raising hell will the nj / ny delegations and governors christie & cuomo . unacceptable that other regions get immediate assistance in their time of need but our families and businesses do not .		national		neutral		L000554		facebook		information
$ 10m in federal funds will help relieve congestion around @ftmeademd ! more : <http>		national		neutral		R000576		twitter		policy
great to meet with @fast4families again to discuss why the #timeisnow . make your voice heard : <http> <http>		national		neutral		P000197		twitter		support
welcome back , lebron james !		national		neutral		L000566		facebook		support
great day for #religiousfreedom as #scotus sides with #hobbylobby in case on aca's contraception mandate . #istandwithhobbylobby		national		partisan		M001156		twitter		policy
the #surgeongeneral post is critical for public health but has been vacant since 2013 . dr . vivek murthy deserves to be confirmed . #topdocnow		national		neutral		R000122		twitter		personal
today is national voter registration day . take the opportunity to register to vote so that you can cast your ballot and make sure that your voice is heard on the next election day in your state or community . <http>		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		personal
rt @michaelcburgess : my thoughts and prayers are with victims and families of the fort hood tragedy on this 4 year anniversary . <http>		national		neutral		W000809		twitter		support
" landrieu still has only about a 1 - in - 3 chance of winning even when her incumbent status is included " <http> #lasen		national		neutral		C001075		twitter		information
today i met with courageous women from across the country who have come to our nation's capital this week to fast for immigration reform . many of them shared moving stories of how their families have been torn apart because of our broken immigration system . i was honored that they gave me a red band of string to wear in solidarity in the fight to pass immigration reform .		national		partisan		L000397		facebook		policy
congrats to #lakeville north for ot win over roseau in boys state hockey tournament . good luck tomorrow in semis ! #mshsl #thetourney14		constituency		neutral		K000363		twitter		constituency
heads up veterans : the u . s . department of veterans affairs has informed us that there is a marketing scam targeting vets seeking benefits . please share and read more here :		national		neutral		B001267		facebook		information
calling all those in marion county ! come to my town hall in flippin . here are the details : <http> #ar3		constituency		neutral		W000809		twitter		personal
‰ űďthe house has acted time and time again to avert a government shutdown and spare americans from the pain obamacare will undoubtedly cause . and tonight , we acted yet again and passed a sensible proposal that keeps the government open , gives individuals and families the same delay that employers have been afforded , and eliminates members ‰ űş employer contribution . unfortunately , the senate , so hellbent on protecting president obama and his signature law , has rejected compromise outright . i am disappointed that the senate has refused to listen to the american people and work with the house , but i am hopeful we will come together to keep the government ‰ űşs lights on . ‰ űť <http>		national		partisan		W000809		facebook		policy
meeting with the valencia county chamber of commerce at teofilo's in los lunas		constituency		neutral		P000588		twitter		personal
great to speak with virgil thomas this morning . he ‰ űşs a sherburne native who is participating in an internship on capitol hill . always nice to have another upstater in washington , d . c .		constituency		partisan		H001051		facebook		support
icymi : " rep . larry bucshon hosting live facebook chat on #driverless vehicles " ( via @theheraldtimes & @govtracker ) <http>		national		neutral		B001275		twitter		personal
merry christmas and happy holidays from my family to yours . wishing special tidings to those first responders and military personnel working to ensure our safety who are unable to be with their families this holiday season . we are all thankful for your service and dedication .		national		neutral		B001274		facebook		personal
grassley to give floor speech , writes to firm in health care stock spike incident		national		neutral		G000386		facebook		policy
as part of the congressional black caucus foundation's 44th annual legislative conference , i will host a panel on dyslexia and bullying : stories of overcoming the odds to succeed , along with the yale center for dyslexia & creativity multicultural initiative . join us virtually this thursday at 2:00 pm by watching on @livestream : <http>		national		neutral		J000032		facebook		media
obama administration officials today celebrated the news that the u . s . is spending only $ 500 billion more than it takes in this year . clearly those in the administration are out of touch with the views of the american people . as our deficit swells , our debt spills over to the next generation . that ‰ űşs why , during my time in congress , i have focused on cutting wasteful spending in washington . it is also why i voted in support of a budget that curbed discretionary spending , and why i co-sponsored the balance budget amendment to relieve our national debt .		national		partisan		C001092		facebook		policy
for more information and the latest news about the congressional western caucus , visit : www.westerncaucus.pearce.house.gov/		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		information
as the house continues to debate the fy14 transportation , housing and urban development appropriations bill , today i successfully offered an amendment to protect the critical essential air service program ( eas ) in areas outside the contiguous 48 states , on a vote of 239-175 . if not for my amendment , essential air service communities throughout alaska would have been excluded from this decade ‰ űşs long program that was established to protect rural communities after the airline industry was deregulated .		national		neutral		Y000033		facebook		policy
mainly only on federal issues mt @zachromano : do you have any influence on the sc state senate and their role with funding ? #askjeff		constituency		partisan		D000615		twitter		policy
congrats 2 caroline carter of dover & quinn griffith of lee on being honored as nh ‰ űşs top youth volunteers ! look fwd to seeing them both tmrw		constituency		neutral		A000368		twitter		personal
today at 10am : @housejudiciary will hold a hearing to examine balanced budget amendments . tune in : <http> #bba		constituency		neutral		G000289		twitter		policy
celebrating @iaiasantafe ‰ űşs 50 yrs of cultivating art and cultural identity in its students in #nm . @smithsoniannmai <http>		national		neutral		H001046		twitter		personal
he can't say he didn't know ‰ ű_and if you're on the newsletter list , you'll be in the know too . click on the link for a round-up of the week that was and while you're there , please sign-up for future updates .		national		partisan		D000614		facebook		policy
grateful for the opportunity to talk to members of @ribuilders . construction jobs in ri are so important ! <http>		national		neutral		L000559		twitter		policy
thank you for the great anecdotes on how my father touched your lives . your thoughtful and kind messages meant the world to my family and me yesterday . my dad had a great birthday and i made sure he knew how much he was loved .		national		neutral		C001047		facebook		support
wicker report | the obama administration has a habit of missing deadlines . major provisions of the president ‰ űşs flawed health-care law , for example , have been delayed dozens of times . the same tardiness is true for the president ‰ űşs annual budget , which is due to congress on or before the first monday in february . required by federal law , the budget proposal outlines the president ‰ űşs funding requests for the upcoming fiscal year .		national		neutral		W000437		facebook		support
pretty much says it all ... <http>		national		partisan		P000588		twitter		policy
why i could not support the #intelligence authorization bill today - <http>		national		neutral		C000714		twitter		policy
executive orders don't give the president the power to take freedom away from the people or undermine the constitution . " like " and share if you agree !		national		neutral		D000615		facebook		mobilization
#nofilter - - today , senator baldwin introduced her first piece of legislation to the u . s . senate - ‰ ű_ <http>		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		information
it was a pleasure hosting so many great students from robert l . craig school in moonachie for a question and answer session at my office in washington !		national		neutral		P000096		facebook		support
it ‰ űşs time to kick surveillance reform into overdrive . #nsa programs needs 3 things : accountability , transparency , and tighter limitations .		national		neutral		L000560		twitter		policy
learning about the tools of the trade ! <http>		constituency		neutral		S001185		twitter		personal
i accepted the #als #icebucketchallenge & i nominate @dekecopenhaver @hardiedavis @repsinema & @repmurphyfl : watch : <http>		national		neutral		B001252		twitter		personal
looking forward to welcoming mt state senator alan olson to the @natresources committee on wednesday to talk energy : <http>		constituency		neutral		D000618		twitter		support
hearing from neighborhood small business owners about how we can invest in our local infrastructure .		constituency		neutral		M001185		facebook		constituency
we must keep working to rekindle american dream . read my statement on the student loan bill that just passed here : <http>		national		neutral		W000799		twitter		information
. @nitalowey to sec . of state john kerry : we can't make progress on int . priorities if children grow up w / out basic literacy skills .		national		neutral		L000480		twitter		support
don't forget to tune in to fox business at 8: 30 am ct . stuart varney and i will talk about what we expect to hear today from acting #irs commissioner danny werfel .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
rt @aarp : we have sen . @mikecrapo in our radio booth talking with @aarpidaho and @aarp members in idaho . <http>		national		neutral		C000880		twitter		support
deck the halls without breaking the bank : here are 5 tips to help you be a financially savvy holiday shopper		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		personal
tonight i'm hosting a live telephone town hall at 7 p . m . pst . it's free to participate . just call (855)756-7520 and enter access code 24029 #		constituency		neutral		T000460		facebook		information
article in national review discussing my legislation to end dangerous ' sue & settle ' litigation practices read here : <http>		national		neutral		C001093		twitter		personal
with eagle scout stephen pelletier at the monthly breakfast at the sullivan-jones vfw post in poestenkill on sunday .		constituency		neutral		G000564		facebook		personal
