speaking to southwestern illinois employers association with my colleague rep . rodney davis . followed a good discussion with state senators david luechtefeld , state senator sam mccann and state rep cd davidsmeyer .		national		neutral		S000364		facebook		policy
it's good to see that politifact recognized this statement as true , but the larger point is what really matters - government intrusion is not good for the doctor-patient relationship .		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		personal
pleasure to be in henry county today visiting w / abbeville kiwanis . thank you to everyone who came out for lunch <http>		national		partisan		R000591		twitter		support
as chairman of the veterans ‰ űş affairs subcommittee on economic opportunity , i held a hearing to explore jobs for veterans in the energy sector . we discussed how to match unemployed veterans to our opportunities in the energy industry , which is experiencing rapid growth .		national		partisan		F000461		facebook		policy
despite promising to cut the deficit in half in 4 yrs , the president increased our debt by $ 5.8 trillion . require a plan !		national		partisan		D000600		facebook		attack
stopped off along the beautiful missouri river in chamberlain on my way to the jones county invitational . <http>		national		neutral		T000250		twitter		other
dave is continuing to push his legislation that would cut the pay of members of congress by 10 percent . he wants to show that congress has some skin in the game and is serious about getting our fiscal house in order . <http>		national		partisan		L000565		facebook		policy
the real facts of obamacare		national		partisan		C001051		facebook		policy
the russians are provocative , our president has allowed this to happen . there is a vacuum of leadership right now . <http>		national		neutral		P000606		twitter		policy
clockwise , top left to right : meeting with karen garner and her children brad ( pictured ) and frances , residents of va - 02 ; speaking with katherine of the national parks conservation association about the historic march on washington ; standing with fellow problem solvers in congress at the no labels press conference ; attending the gop conference ‰ űşs hispanic youth and women round table and speaking with guests from va - 02 .		national		neutral		R000589		facebook		media
@et_disclosure i got your message .		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		personal
. @npca estimates businesses near national parks are losing $ 30m every day they ‰ űşre closed : <http> #enoughalready		national		neutral		U000038		twitter		information
love this one . mt @cardcash : if anyone can beat @theellenshow selfie it's @corybooker <http>		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
important item on the #trade and #exports to-do list : reauthorize the @eximbankus #prochat		national		neutral		H001064		twitter		policy
world war i began one hundred years ago today . we honor those who served and lives lost in the great war .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		information
thank you , ms . magazine and feminist majority foundation for having me this week ! i'm so proud to have received the eleanor roosevelt award ! <http>		national		neutral		L000551		facebook		personal
always a good day when the milky ways and 3 musketeers show up in the office . both made in pa . #ftw		national		neutral		T000461		facebook		personal
if you will be in the area tomorrow evening , i will be in ridgway for a town hall meeting . the meeting will begin at 5:30 and will last for about an hour . i hope to see you there . get the full event details here :		constituency		neutral		T000470		facebook		constituency
@jazmynsierra01 great to meet you guys .		national		neutral		K000378		twitter		personal
it's that time of year again ! i will be kicking off the second congressional district of south carolina's annual bus tour on monday in cayce at the west-metro chamber breakfast . throughout the week , i will visit all five counties i have the privilege of representing to meet with constituents , discuss their concerns , and share news of our efforts in congress . check out the schedule below and see if the bus makes a stop in your community !		national		neutral		W000795		facebook		information
important information for veterans about how the #shutdown impacts veterans services <http>		national		neutral		C001094		facebook		other
touring a kids first mobile dental care unit in barbourville with dr . smith .		constituency		neutral		R000395		facebook		information
joined @senblumenthal at powerful gun violence prevention vigil in stamford . thank you interfaith council . <http>		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		support
president obama's amnesty is lawless and unconstitutional : <http> #stopobamasamnesty <http>		national		partisan		C001098		twitter		information
great to see parma mayor tim degeeter & city council president sean brennan this afternoon		national		neutral		R000586		facebook		support
* breaking * @deptvetaffairs whistle-blowers told not to speak to members of congress ‰ ű_ ‰ űťimproper avenue of redress ‰ űť		national		neutral		H001057		twitter		support
today i delivered remarks in spanish on the senate floor to call for passage of commonsense immigration reform . this bill will do more for border security , more to improve our current backlog , more to strengthen our employment verification system , and more to put measures in place to deal with the future flow of immigrants than any other immigration bill in history . watch highlights of my speech here :		national		neutral		K000384		facebook		policy
i ‰ űşll be live at 7:10 pm et on lou dobbs tonight on fox business to discuss the latest on the #insidious lies of #obamacare .		national		partisan		R000592		facebook		attack
joining barry young @famousoneradio in-studio for next hour 550 @kfyi #phoenix - listen live <http>		national		neutral		M000303		twitter		media
it was great to learn about the career and technical education ( cte ) classes at jesse carson high school . these courses equip our students with the tools and skills needed to excel in today ‰ űşs workforce .		constituency		neutral		H001067		facebook		personal
happy birthday united states air force !		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		support
listening to testimony before the house committee on natural resources		national		neutral		N000127		facebook		personal
happy st . patrick's day ! we're all a little irish today . what are your plans to celebrate ?		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		personal
i'm taking the snap challenge this week to learn firsthand what it means to live on the food stamp budget : about $ 3 per day . i'll keep you updated as i go		national		neutral		M001169		facebook		policy
i spoke on the floor today in response to news that lt . col . jeff krusinski , the air force official in charge of its sexual-assault prevention program , was arrested for groping . watch below :		national		partisan		S000030		facebook		personal
excited to address the citizens united forum organized by south central wisconsin move to amend and the oregon area progressives today at 12pm at the biopharm technology center in madison . there is too much money in politics , and we must spread the message that corporations are not people .		national		neutral		P000607		facebook		support
congratulations to the new committee chairmen from texas : @rephensarling @lamarsmithtx21 @mccaulpressshop and @petesessions .		national		neutral		M001158		twitter		personal
i join the rest of the world in offering my condolences to the family of nelson mandela . the world was a better place for having him in it .		national		neutral		Y000065		twitter		policy
next wed , i'll be introducing #heaa2014 , a bill to improve #healthequity . i spoke about heaa to hill staff today . <http>		national		partisan		R000486		twitter		information
this month , i'm traveling across the state meeting with nebraskans , holding roundtables with various groups , visiting local businesses , and hosting constituent listening sessions . looking forward to these valuable opportunities to hear from you and discuss how we can promote policies in washington that help middle class families , strengthen our communities , and bolster economic growth .		constituency		partisan		F000463		facebook		support
thanks to dr . frieden , director of the cdc , for coming to my office to brief me on the current ebola outbreak in west africa . you can find out more via the cdc's website : <http>		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		support
come enjoy the exceptional artwork of our local young artists <http> <http>		constituency		neutral		M001150		twitter		personal
~ 270,000 #veterans are waiting for the #house to #renewui . they along w / + 2mil americans deserve for this to be brought up in the house .		national		neutral		C000141		twitter		support
@ianhainline every foreign-born grad w / a grad . degree from a u . s . univ . who stays & works in #stem creates on avg . 2.6 us jobs . #imarch		constituency		partisan		P000523		twitter		policy
where is your favorite place in the third district ? send me a picture for a chance to be selected as my cover photo ! please email the original photo to westmorelandscoverphoto@gmail.com .		constituency		neutral		W000796		facebook		mobilization
" md's least expensive obamacare plan will be 83 % higher than the lowest-cost plan sold in that state this year " <http>		national		neutral		H001052		twitter		support
staff attended today's community dedication ceremony at the gen . douglas l . mcbride-roswell veterans ' cemetery .		national		neutral		P000588		facebook		policy
this afternoon , i supported the va reform bill that passed the house by a vote of 420 to 5 . after negotiations with the senate , we dropped their demand to spend $ 500 billion by over 95 % , while prioritizing care for our veterans and accountability for bureaucrats . provisions include : * provide immediate access to care outside the va to those veterans still waiting to be seen by a doctor * ability to quickly fire bad apples in the va system * independent , private sector evaluation of the va health care system * reduces bonuses * increases transparency in va data reporting this is an important step in fixing the va , but not the last . i will continue ensuring that our va works for our veterans , not their own job security .		national		neutral		W000815		facebook		support
it was great seeing you , ryan davenport . thank you for dropping by my office !		constituency		neutral		F000461		facebook		personal
may local office hours : our staff will be in henry county on friday , may 24th , to meet with constituents who need assistance with federal agencies . learn more here : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		facebook		policy
i was honored today to give the closing remarks for the west texas legislative summit . i discussed the environmental protection agency's war against fossil fuels . i warned those in attendance that the epa is currently targeting coal , but they have fracking in their sights . i also discussed the epa's proposed rule that provides essentially no limit to their jurisdiction under the clean water act , despite the supreme court consistently recognizing that congress limited the authority of the epa under the clean water act . we have some challenges with water in west texas . those are challenges that need to be addressed by the men and women in west texas and not epa bureaucrats in washington , dc . i have been fighting these anti-energy efforts by the obama administration and will continue to do so . energy production in west texas is the engine of our nation's economy and strengthens our national security . the men and women who are involved in the energy industry are creating jobs and making america a safer place .		national		neutral		C001062		facebook		policy
obama admin not saying how many enrollees to #obamacare . @cnn found 114k total on 14 state-run exchanges . watch <http>		national		neutral		L000554		twitter		policy
pleased the senate voted to #renewui . i urge the house to take action . nevadans can ‰ űşt wait . <http> ĺę		constituency		partisan		H001041		twitter		policy
sat down for a chat with lori gilbert , news 10 , in elko :		constituency		neutral		A000369		facebook		media
@scottwongdc @politico @thehill congratulations , scott !		national		neutral		D000355		twitter		personal
i want to thank my fellow nevadans for their participation in numerous town halls , individual and group meetings , and facility tours during the past four weeks . listening to the feedback of the people who hired me has been more productive and helpful than most anything else undertaken in washington , d . c . this year . i ‰ űşm bringing all those opinions back with me and i ‰ űşm eager to continue to represent the views of northern nevada in the u . s . house .		constituency		neutral		A000369		facebook		constituency
as potus golfs , pushes amnesty & ignores keystone , american people are concerned about jobs , econ & health care costs <http>		national		partisan		F000456		twitter		policy
today we passed h . r . 5 , reducing the federal footprint in education & restoring local control to support teachers & empower parents		national		neutral		W000815		twitter		information
submit your questions for rep . wolf using the hashtag #cspanwj or @cspanwj , or call in : 202-585-3881 ( republicans ) , 202-585-3880 ( democrats )		national		partisan		W000672		twitter		policy
once upon a time , the gop changed a house rule to guarantee a government shutdown , ( <http> ) , fulfilling a plan months in the making . ( <http> ) this plan was the culmination of some 40 + votes to defund or delay the affordable care act , which gop members and leadership continually stuck to as their reason for not budging during the first days of the shutdown ( <http> ) , despite the fact the healthcare exchanges went into effect october 1st anyway . that is , that was the argument , until it was clear they weren't getting anywhere , and instead , the gop argument started to center on the debt ceiling . ( <http> ) . meanwhile , on the " left " side of the chamber , democratic members continually tried to bring to the floor a vote on a " clean " budget as a compromise to reopen government . this budget - at / below gop-proposed levels passed by the senate earlier this year , had the professed bipartisan support of a majority of the house , ( ( <http> ) but gop leadership refused to bring it to the floor , and maneuvered to block any member who tried raising it . then , the gop agreed to raise the debt ceiling , but not open the government , as their " compromise , " ( <http> only if it was a 6 week debt ceiling agreement ... and only if was tied to conversations about how to fix our long term deficit ... and only if those conversations were about cuts , and not revenues . ( <http> ) and then , they called that tactic moving " halfway . " ( <http> ) . what's next ? who knows what the gop will do . but make no mistake : people across this country - children ( <http> ) , military families ( <http> ) , seniors ( <http> ) , and many more are being hurt by this shutdown ... with more to be impacted the longer this goes on . ( <http> ) . this is a manufactured politically motivated crisis that never had to start , and could end tonight if the gop leadership would just let us vote on a clean budget . let's truly make this a " once upon a time " story , and end this shutdown . #demandavote		national		partisan		M000312		facebook		attack
<http> " this has been a colossal failure of the management of this hospital , " said rep . david scott , d-ga .		national		partisan		S001157		facebook		policy
today marks 1 yr since the outbreak of 17 tornadoes , it could happen again ! learn how your family can be prepared : <http>		constituency		neutral		B001248		twitter		information
do you need help with tricare ? we can help resolve issues that you may be experiencing . please call or visit your local district office : <http> we are here to help !		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		mobilization
i want to thank my presenters at the " a world of women for world peace conference " for inspiring the audience ... <http>		national		neutral		J000126		twitter		personal
#obamacare is bad medicine .		national		neutral		P000606		facebook		policy
congress should not leave washington until a border security bill is passed .		national		neutral		P000592		facebook		policy
rep . mckinley will be speaking to those attending this rally . we will provide pictures and video of the event tuesday .		constituency		partisan		M001180		facebook		policy
my heart goes out to the families of #eyalgiladnaftali . prayers are with them and the people of israel .		national		neutral		B001284		facebook		personal
today , i went to the house floor to call attention to the horrific crimes of kermit gosnell , an abortionist in west philadelphia being tried for the deaths of seven newborn babies and one adult woman .		constituency		neutral		S001188		facebook		personal
grassroots movements : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		information
fact of the day : the number of jobs added through the first five months of 2013 is lower than the number of jobs added through the first five months of 2012 .		national		partisan		B000755		facebook		attack
president obama wanted 3 things on gun control - - ban assault weapons , limit magazine sizes , and expand background checks . he'll lose all 3 .		national		partisan		G000359		twitter		policy
@newsmaxtv @theforum_nmx thanks for having me on this morning to discuss the #isis threat .		national		neutral		P000592		twitter		personal
rep . wilson commemorates the third anniversary of the earthquake with a call to action : remember #haiti . <http>		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		personal
senate dems are now pledging to finally ‰ űň finally ‰ űň produce a #budget . i ‰ űşll be interested to see what they put forward .		national		partisan		M000355		twitter		attack
photo : @repandrecarson at the west #indy community day for congress on your corner . <http>		constituency		neutral		C001072		twitter		personal
yesterday , the veterans affairs reform bill , that i voted in favor of last week , was signed into law . among many other important reforms , the veterans access , choice and accountability act will allow veterans to seek private care if they live more than 40 miles from a va facility or if their waiting time exceeds 30 days . it also provides for greater accountability , reduces funding for executive bonuses by $ 40 million per year , and lets returning veterans and eligible dependents qualify for in-state tuition at public colleges and universities under the post -9/11 gi bill .		national		neutral		W000816		facebook		policy
yesterday , the @gburg_times published my op-ed about common sense immigration reform . <http>		national		neutral		P000605		twitter		information
reps cummings , wilson & i ask @usgao to look at long lines at polls last november , particularly in #va & #fl . <http> @wtop		constituency		neutral		C001078		twitter		information
thanks to all who came by to say hello to us at the seafood festival ! beautiful day in everglades city .		national		neutral		D000600		facebook		support
there's nothing like the first day of school ! best wishes to all the parents , students , and teachers starting a new school year tomorrow . ( or the first full week of school , in washington county . ) remember to be extra careful on the roads .		constituency		neutral		D000620		facebook		personal
i was honored today to present retired army sergeant andrew p . idol and former round rock resident with 11 medals , including the purple heart . thank you sgt . idol for your service and sacrifices !		national		neutral		C001051		facebook		personal
today's news from sen . bernie sanders ( i-vt . ): obama wrong on trade : president barack obama released his annual trade agenda this week in an indication that the administration plans to push for the same nafta-style trade policies it has in the past , john nichols wrote for the nation . sen . bernie sanders has criticized nafta , calling it a horrendous ‰ űďrace to the bottom ‰ űť for lower wages and fewer good-paying jobs . shame on senators who blocked veterans bill : ‰ űďwhat does it take to shame these senators , ‰ űť jon stewart asked on the daily show segment that ridiculed sens . richard burr and jeff sessions and marco rubio . pope francis : pope francis ' emphasis on economic issues has resonated with elected officials in the united states . sen . sanders said he considered the pope a ‰ űďstrong ally ‰ űť on the issue of income inequality , the student newspaper service uwire reported . crimea votes to join russia : crimea's parliament voted to join russia on thursday and its moscow-backed government set a referendum within 10 days on the decision in a dramatic escalation of the crisis over the ukrainian black sea peninsula , reuters reported . an effort by the united states to broker the first face-to-face diplomatic meeting between russia and ukraine over the crimea confrontation failed on wednesday , but russia ‰ űşs foreign minister said there would be more discussions in the days ahead , the new york times reported . continue reading here : <http>		national		partisan		S000033		facebook		policy
the #farmbill includes language , i authored that states the #cwa was never intended to regulate water runoff on logging roads . #idpol		national		partisan		C000880		twitter		policy
rt @houseappropsgop : chairman @rephalrogers thanks @us_fda for its decision to prohibit generic , crushable oxycontin from coming to market ‰ ű_		national		neutral		R000395		twitter		personal
congratulations to bend golfer jesse heinly for winning the #usamateur <http>		national		neutral		W000791		twitter		personal
sen . mark kirk : from pessimist 2 optimist ! <http>		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		support
today i joined senators mark warner and mazie hirono for a conversation on the senate floor about why we need to pass the senate budget that replaces harmful , across-the-board sequester cuts with a balanced approach .		national		neutral		K000384		facebook		personal
in just one year , we ‰ űşve reduced the uninsured rate among adults by 26 % ! #acaworks		national		neutral		S001145		facebook		support
the department of veterans services is now accepting nominations for the ohio veterans hall of fame . be sure to submit your nomination by june 30th . <http>		constituency		neutral		G000563		facebook		mobilization
honored to present verma pastor with the hall of fame award at today's valle del sol #profiles2014 luncheon .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
proud cosponsor of the #emailprivacyact . learn more about this bill to strengthen the 4th amdt . <http>		national		partisan		R000592		twitter		support
a new feature added to our website allows me to communicate with you on the issues you care about the most . sign-up to receive my e-newsletter as well as issue specific updates .		constituency		neutral		J000174		facebook		constituency
this morning i visited with staff from baby talk at st . mary's hospital in decatur to learn more about their encounter program . st . mary's is one of only four hospitals in illinois to have earned the national baby-friendly accreditation .		national		neutral		D000619		facebook		support
honored to welcome @naacp #naacp105 #onlyindistrict1 @naacplv #50thanniv #civilrightsact #freedomsummer #mandalaybay <http>		constituency		neutral		T000468		twitter		personal
i sat down with kgw ‰ űşs laural porter to answer questions on everything from what should be done in syria , to a better way to address wildfires in the west , to my work in congress supporting small craft brewers . if you get kgw , you can catch straight talk tonight at 6:30 . if you don ‰ űşt get kgw , i ‰ űşll post the episode on my facebook page once it ‰ űşs available .		national		neutral		D000191		facebook		media
neat addition to #az06 !		constituency		neutral		S001183		facebook		support
boehner : issa was ' within his rights ' to cut off democrat's mic <http>		national		partisan		I000056		twitter		other
need to find most effective ways to address this #addiction crisis so that people like the griffins know where to go to get help		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		policy
what a tremendous honor to meet dr . ben carson . a true example of the american dream , dr . carson ‰ űşs inspiring life story is truly humbling . his advancements in the field of medicine have brought hope and new opportunity to so many lives !		national		neutral		M001159		facebook		support
mandela . chg . south africa chg the world . inspired hearts n minds of millions of us . condolences to his family n south african people		national		neutral		M000702		twitter		personal
reading a book to kindergartners today at m . e . pearson elementary in kck was a joy ! <http>		national		neutral		Y000063		twitter		support
from @usatoday : ‰ űďboehner invites pope francis to address congress ‰ űť <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		information
in praise of income inequality <http>		national		neutral		S000937		twitter		policy
the largest holders of us debt are actually americans ‰ űň we cannot default . the house today passed legislation that would prevent default by prioritizing bond and interest payments .		national		neutral		H001055		facebook		policy
on monday , our nation will celebrate the life and achievements of a true american hero , dr . martin luther king jr . he was committed to achieving equality for all and ending racial segregation , fighting tirelessly . dr . king exemplified the qualities of a real leader .		national		neutral		G000410		facebook		support
pleased administration followed through on my request w @senatorcardin to release home energy assistance federal funds as winter approaches .		national		partisan		M000702		twitter		support
sent attorney general holder a letter yesterday , calling on him to appoint an unbiased official to lead the #investigation into the #irs targeting of non-profit organizations which was confirmed last year . ( read the letter : <http> ) . justice requires that an unbiased , nonpartisan investigation take place , not only to hold those responsible accountable for their actions , but also to ensure credibility throughout the process and in the final outcome . like if you agree .		national		partisan		F000445		facebook		policy
my response to president obama's state of the union address last night 1.usa.gov/xyiwfh		national		partisan		N000179		facebook		policy
i'm chairing the house committee on science , space , and technology : subcommittee on environment hearing today at 2pm est . the hearing is titled ‰ űďmid-level ethanol blends : consumer and technical research needs ‰ űť watch it here : <http>		national		neutral		S001192		facebook		information
joining fox news radio today at 12:10 to talk about the house's efforts to restore the balance of power under the #constitution . listen live here : <http>		national		neutral		P000605		facebook		media
i ‰ űşm tired of the rubber stamp for #nsa ‰ űşs surveillance tactics so i'm co-sponsoring a bill to tighten their standards <http>		national		partisan		M001153		twitter		policy
arizona republic : " mccain plans first #arizona re-election fundraiser " <http>		constituency		neutral		M000303		twitter		information
i love the earth ... <http>		national		neutral		S000937		twitter		personal
looking forward to attending the christening of the navy littoral combat ship uss milwaukee in menominee / marinette this afternoon .		constituency		neutral		B001271		facebook		personal
ok ... unfortuantely it seems like most people are just now getting online ... at the exact time i have to head over to baxter hood . again , 6 pm tonight for the in-person town hall meeting . but we will definitely keep doing these as long as people feel like it is worth their while to participate . more soon . mm		constituency		neutral		M001182		facebook		personal
i had the opportunity to meet with british member of parliament andrew bridgen from north west leicestershire today . he is visiting washington , dc with other mps to shadow members of congress for the afternoon to observe various meetings and see the house debate and vote . i enjoyed meeting with mp bridgen and discuss the similarities and differences between our two bodies of government .		national		neutral		Y000063		facebook		personal
treasury & irs announce today that they will treat legal same-sex marriages same as heterosexual marriages for federal taxes <http>		national		neutral		R000577		facebook		information
thanks to all who came to my @toqc_official town hall this pm , esp the high school students and boy scout troop 746 <http>		national		neutral		S000018		twitter		constituency
fact : under obamacare millions of seniors will face higher premiums . #dontfundit #defundobamacare		national		neutral		C001098		facebook		policy
interested in a spring internship in our district office in boston ? you can find more information on internship opportunities for college students on our website . <http>		national		neutral		L000562		facebook		information
i was in bellingham earlier today and met with the folks who are helping people in whatcom , skagit , snohomish , island and san juan counties sign up for health insurance through washington healthplanfinder . our marketplace is being called one of the best in the country . more than 69,000 people in washington have already applied for coverage .		national		neutral		L000560		facebook		support
interested in becoming a mentor ? i'll be on the norman oliver show tonight at 9 on ch . 28 to talk about the importance of mentoring and how to get involved .		national		neutral		C001083		facebook		media
feb 9-10 th , from 12-5 pm , the world famous @apollotheater will host a free open house weekend in celebration of #blackhistorymonth .		constituency		neutral		R000053		facebook		information
@je_schmitty yes .		national		neutral		A000367		twitter		policy
meet justin merkel ! he is one of our new interns , joining us from the university of central arkansas . justin has been a resident assistant at the university , has been involved with their student government and has spent the last 5 summers teaching camping and wilderness survival at the local boy scouts summer camp . he is excited for congress to be back in session tomorrow , so that he can see it all in action !		constituency		neutral		O000170		facebook		personal
yesterday , local hero , first lt . alonzo h . cushing from fredonia , new york , who died fighting to preserve the union in the civil war , was awarded the medal of honor . lt . cushing was wounded during the battle of gettysburg but refused to give up . after being shot , he was told to move to the back for safety . lt . cushing said he would ‰ űďfight it out , or die in the attempt ‰ űť . his courage and leadership were vital to the success of the union army and i am pleased he was bestowed this prestigious honor .		national		neutral		C001092		facebook		support
great meeting @kevinspacey tonight at @villanovau parents weekend <http>		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		personal
share this if you agree : " instead of governing by emergency fiat and continually kicking the can down the road , conservative reformers have an opportunity to focus their colleagues and their constituents on a real solution ‰ űó putting more of this authority in the hands of states and localities and actually reforming highway policy . "		national		neutral		L000577		facebook		policy
tsa could use spare change to help military families <http>		national		partisan		M001144		facebook		policy
en route to the @whitehouse to meet w / the president & @senate_gops . i'm hopeful discussions like these will bring this stalemate to an end .		national		neutral		M000934		twitter		policy
joined @senblumenthal @connstep @uaw today to send this msg : we should be exporting ct products not ct jobs . time to #bringjobshome to ct		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		support
i'm signing the discharge petition to #raisethewage because new mexicans working full-time shouldn't be living in poverty . @repadamsmith		national		neutral		L000580		twitter		policy
listen to my interview with mississippi public broadcasting on obamacare :		national		neutral		W000437		facebook		other
congratulations to juan santiago of madera ! last night , this fresno state bulldog completed his time as our intern and became one of the latest graduates of the chci program . way to represent the valley !		constituency		neutral		C001059		facebook		personal
@melodyisdestiny you are passing on a lie		national		partisan		R000409		twitter		personal
" [ sen . dianne feinstein's ] new bill , the preventing antibiotic resistance act of 2013 , is smart , sensible , cautiously written and has plenty of support - more than 375 groups , ranging from the american medical association to the infectious diseases society of america , have signed on . "		national		neutral		F000062		facebook		support
‰ űďsic semper tyrannis " read my statement in response to the death of venezuelan president hugo chavez . <http>		national		neutral		C001095		facebook		policy
attended a superintendent summit hosted by the education coalition of macon county with state senator andy manar and state representative sue scherer to discuss a number of state and federal education issues like school funding and the impact of government mandates .		constituency		neutral		D000619		facebook		policy
put on your yarmulke it's time for hanukkah ! chag sameach to all my friends and fellow new yorkers celebrating the first night of #hanukkah !		national		neutral		I000057		facebook		personal
i'm looking forward to joining some great independence day celebrations in the 39th district tomorrow . how are you and your family celebrating our nation ‰ űşs birthday ? share some of your favorite 4th of july traditions in the comment section below !		national		neutral		R000487		facebook		policy
happy 4th of july everyone . #fourthofjuly <http>		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		personal
enjoyed being on @crossfirecnn last night debating @cbrangel on obamacare . missed the show ? find highlights here : <http>		national		partisan		B001256		twitter		media
@chuckgrassley & i introed bill 2 stop pay-for-delay deals betwn drug companies . it will get life-saving drugs to people quicker and save $ .		national		partisan		K000367		twitter		policy
obamacare is putting us at risk of becoming a nation of part-time employees . i am proud to sign on as an original co-sponsor of the saw act , which puts an end to obamacare ‰ űşs arbitrary definition of a full-time workweek at 30 hours . this provision is costing employees their hours at work and the wages they rely on to support their family , invest in their community , and save for their future . we should be focused on doing everything we can to help americans find meaningful employment , not limit their opportunities . read my full statement here - <http> .		national		partisan		B001275		facebook		attack
town hall tonight at the priceville city hall at 7 pm - hope y'all will come out and join the discussion ! <http>		national		neutral		B001274		twitter		support
my district director , bob haueter , attended tonight's local 2142 , afge meeting at the corpus christi army depot , where he shared the wonderful news that the secretary of defense has reduced the number of furlough days ccad workers were subjected to from 11 to 6 . i've been opposed to the unnecessary furloughs since they were first ordered and have worked tirelessly to bring them to an end . this is a great day !		constituency		neutral		F000460		facebook		policy
one of the best ways to stay up to date on what i am working on in washington is to read the enzi insider . this week ‰ űşs insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation approving faster drug treatments for ebola , a letter opposing the waters of the united states rule , and more . take a look !		constituency		neutral		E000285		facebook		media
as we gather together with our family and friends this weekend to celebrate the freedom we hold dear , let's remember the sacrifices of the men and women who defend our country . for those who are deployed in the military , you are in our thoughts and prayers ‰ űň thank you for your service . may god keep you safe and bring you home soon .		national		neutral		R000598		facebook		personal
last night , rep . reichert voted with his house colleagues to hold lois lerner in contempt of congress for refusing to testify about her role in the irs targeting scandal . americans deserve to know why this happened and to be reassured that it will never happen again , and ms . lerner is standing in the way of that .		national		neutral		R000578		facebook		information
congressman mike simpson spoke in opposition to an amendment that would have harmed the u . s . sugar program that idaho farmers depend on to compete in the world market . the sugar program is designed to operate at no-cost to taxpayers . <http>		national		partisan		S001148		facebook		policy
with john warner , @timkaine for shipyard keel laying of uss john warner . great honor for great virginian ! <http>		national		neutral		W000805		twitter		personal
check out this op-ed co-authored by fcc commissioner pai and i in today's washington times about the need to repeal the integration ban - an outdated technological mandate that costs consumers millions of dollars each year .		national		partisan		L000566		facebook		policy
great morning celebrating apsu ! now a stop at the clarksville downtown market . perfect fall-like day ! #tn7		national		neutral		B001243		twitter		personal
immigration reform is more than just an economic necessity and moral imperative , it is also a family issue . #timeisnow for #cir !		national		partisan		T000468		facebook		personal
glad to welcome @wkxlnhchris & jeanne lester to capitol hill this am - lots to chat about . tune in to @wkxlnh tmrw am <http>		national		neutral		A000368		twitter		media
@marty_walsh @repmaloney working to keep our #ma communities safe .		constituency		partisan		M000133		twitter		support
tune in now to wtop to listen and engage on the issues - we'll be live from 10 am - 11 am . listen live at www.wtop.com		constituency		neutral		W000804		facebook		personal
john f . kennedy once called washington dc a city of southern efficiency and northern charm . the team of bright young individuals interning in my front office in dc is quite the opposite ‰ űň full of hospitality and effective service . my thanks to these bright young americans participating in our government and furthering their education .		constituency		neutral		F000445		facebook		personal
going to be talking w @golfchannel about #memorialtournament and my efforts for congressional gold med for #goldenbear , jack nicklaus		national		neutral		P000449		twitter		personal
don't forget to subscribe to me on youtube to keep up with my speeches and the videos i record to respond to questions that northern californians email me ! click here : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001068		facebook		personal
reminder - rsvp by fri for my #aviation field hearing at faa tech center . focus on nextgen , uas , role in safety <http> ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		L000554		twitter		information
the shutdown underlying issue is absolute necessity of cutting down on debt to be left to grandchildren more a moral issue than fiscal psrt 1		national		partisan		G000386		facebook		personal
new cms report shows that #obamacare is leaving more than 11 million americans with higher premiums . #repealobamacare <http>		national		partisan		D000618		twitter		personal
( ap ) south africa's president says nelson mandela has died at age 95 . jacob zuma says " we've lost our greatest son . "		national		neutral		F000451		twitter		information
my bill , h . r . 4604 , the cfpb data collection security act , has been passed by @financialcmte . read more here --> <http>		national		neutral		W000796		twitter		support
live @caracol1260 w @mariodb + @yolycuello 2 address impt #sofl issues - economy and jobs		national		neutral		R000435		twitter		information
no , this isn't an april fools joke - i really do go clamming in long island sound in my spare time :		national		neutral		H001047		facebook		personal
today's #scotus voting rights act ruling rolls backs rights that enforced equal access for all at the polls . we must fight in congress to get it back .		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		policy
attention veterans & families : next tuesday ( june 18 ) , staff at my hamlin constituent service center will be teaming up with dav ( disabled american veterans ) to host mobile office hours for local veterans and their families seeking assistance in obtaining benefits and services through the va . dav's mobile service office will be parked in the lot outside of our hamlin constituent service center from 9:00 a . m . to 4:00 p . m . no registration necessary . click below for more information ...		constituency		neutral		M001179		facebook		personal
i had an exciting start to my day at the 2nd annual kids bike race for charity in the city of arcadia . thank you to city of hope and la jaja kids for promoting health , wellness , and community service among our youth !		national		neutral		C001080		facebook		information
icymi : in @nytimes i will cont to meet w constituents 2 hear their thoughts on the immigration debate #az05 <http>		national		neutral		S000018		twitter		media
today is the 79th anniversary of #socialsecurity , a critical part of the #socialsafetynet for millions of hard-working americans that we must protect !		national		neutral		P000034		facebook		information
icymi : my weekly interview with news talk 1620 wtaw		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		policy
the latest claim from the irs that it conveniently ‰ űďlost ‰ űť emails from lois lerner ‰ űň the individual at the center of the targeting of citizens ‰ űň is particularly insulting to the american people . in the house of representatives we are focused on using congress ‰ űşs authority to hold the obama administration accountable for abusing its authority . to that end , the house appropriations committee has released details of its fy2015 financial services bill ‰ űň which , among other things , prohibits funding for the irs ‰ űşs extracurricular activities , those that don ‰ űşt speak to its ‰ űďcore duties . ‰ űť check out the link for details : <http>		national		neutral		P000591		facebook		support
@utopiahealth1 my pleasure ! !		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
it's #equalpayweek . we asked the administration to ensure female federal workers receive #equalpay and won ! great news for women . <http>		constituency		neutral		S001191		facebook		information
while today's job numbers are encouraging , there's still more to do to get everyone who wants a job back to work .		national		partisan		W000797		twitter		policy
we don't have a spending problem ? this ‰ űďpie chart ‰ űť from investor ‰ űşs business daily is a pretty good illustration of how the federal budget ‰ űň and deficit ‰ űň has grown under president obama .		national		partisan		M001189		facebook		attack
proof that strong #auto = strong middle class 47,000 @ford workers will receive avg of $ 8.8 k each in shared profit after $ 8b profit in 2013		national		neutral		P000595		twitter		information
truly honored to talk with @americanlegion vets abt how we can ensure our #vets get support + benefits they deserve . <http>		national		neutral		K000379		twitter		policy
applaud @faanews & @auvsi raising awareness of unmanned aerial hobbyists of when / where can & cannot fly #knowb4ufly <http>		national		neutral		L000554		twitter		information
i've enjoyed chatting with cain agra's shep bickley about his #ar1 grain-loading facility in lake village .		constituency		neutral		C001087		facebook		constituency
students and parents , don't forget that i'll be hosting another military service academy event on thursday at findlay high school . this is a great opportunity to ask any questions you may have about the congressional nomination process before the september 30th application deadline :		constituency		neutral		L000566		facebook		information
targeting conservatives by day , partying by night #irs <http> @gopconference		national		partisan		C001093		twitter		policy
all sides are pushing for obama to make a decision on the keystone xl pipeline . <http>		national		partisan		P000602		twitter		support
now they tell us ? <http>		national		partisan		P000591		facebook		policy
as you may recall , big health insurance companies conspired with obama to pass obamacare to get all of the new , guaranteed business . now the largest insurer in florida says they are surprised that people signing up for obamacare insurance are older , sicker and more expensive than predicted . what did republicans tell you back in 2009 ? <http>		national		partisan		F000456		facebook		policy
with steel salvaged from the twin towers forged into her bow , the uss somerset honors 9/11 ' s heroes . sen . bob casey and i urge the navy to commission her in philadelphia .		national		neutral		T000461		facebook		personal
mt : @cvt_staff : thank you , ĺę @markudall . guest column : colorado's mark udall : this is what true leadership is all <http> :/ / t.co/d2ozcjagsr		national		neutral		U000038		twitter		information
we must keep the #economy strong , create good new #jobs , and give the poor a path out of poverty . #sotu #middleclass		national		partisan		M001143		twitter		support
tonight was very disappointing . instead of allowing us to vote on a solution to keep government open , house leadership added amendments that brought us closer to government shutdown . congress has had ample opportunity to work to find a solution that not only keeps our government open , but also allows us to do what we should have done nine months ago , pass a budget . it's far past time for congress to work together to find a real solution that puts people before politics		national		partisan		B001287		facebook		policy
enjoyed meeting kids @ hidden village boys & girls club & discussing summer meals program with @foodlifeline staff . <http>		constituency		neutral		S000510		twitter		personal
taking photos of @billclinton & his fans at stomping grounds cafe in ames . @teambraley @iowademocrats #iagotv #3days <http>		national		neutral		B001259		twitter		personal
rt @gregakagi : on fri ag issues pgm at 6am on #580wibw @senpatroberts will be kelly's guest . he'll look at next weeks #farmbill discussion ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		R000307		twitter		media
i ‰ űşm hopeful that this tax extenders bill will provide certainty to families and businesses now to aid their planning for the upcoming year , while also serving to bridge towards broader reform that provides clarity for taxpayers later on .		national		neutral		C000174		facebook		support
in the midst of " global warming " alarm , the great lakes are frozen . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		personal
five years ago today , alan gross , working as a subcontractor for usaid in cuba , was arrested for alleged crimes against the cuban government . his imprisonment has resulted in serious harm to his physical and mental health . this is a humanitarian travesty . alan is not a bargaining chip to advance cuban interests and should be released immediately . i renew my previous calls for our government to secure his freedom and return alan home to his family .		national		neutral		M000934		facebook		support
today i joined senator ted cruz , senator rand paul , congressman steve daines , congressman thomas massie , and u . s . representative john fleming for a press conference in opposition to the internet sales tax . this legislation hurts florida consumers and small businesses . furthermore , if i don't trust the federal internal revenue service , why on earth would i want to subject florida businesses to revenue collectors in california or illinois ? read more here : <http> . #nonettax		national		partisan		D000621		facebook		support
happy national voter registration day ! #celebratenvrd by getting registered right now : <http>		national		neutral		C001067		twitter		personal
rt @uani : the only vote that counts in the #iranelection today : that of the unelected " supreme leader " <http>		national		partisan		R000435		twitter		policy
congrats #berlin #md - " coolest small town in america 2014 " ! 100 % worth a visit . @travelmd @beachandbeyond <http>		constituency		neutral		C000141		twitter		personal
still waiting on potus ... #coequalbranches		national		neutral		H001047		twitter		information
go to this page on my website to find current information on the floods , and ways you can help those in need .		national		neutral		G000562		facebook		support
@tweetinallnight defund how ? shutdown doesn't stop it . i'm for stopping obama . now we can actually defund w no shutdown in 3 weeks		national		neutral		H001067		twitter		support
house majority leader eric cantor penned an oped in today ‰ űşs washington post which is worth a read . like i ‰ űşve been saying , operating in a divided government requires both sides to be willing to come to the table and negotiate in order to move the country forward . now is the time to start the conversations needed to reopen the doors of government , address our budget and restore the faith of the american people . simply put , #letstalk . read : <http>		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		media
at @ummc 2 announce program for patients who are #domesticviolence victims w / @ltgovbrown @senatorbarb @senatorcardin <http>		national		neutral		R000576		twitter		media
when the weather gets warmer , we often think about the energy we use to cool down . clean coal provides about 65 % of colorado's power . new epa regulations could increase energy bills by 49 % . how do you feel about colorado's energy future ?		national		neutral		L000564		facebook		support
our staff and interns greet a lot of az visitors during the day .		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		personal
supported by illinois ' republican delegation , this bill lays the groundwork for the new congress to use its full , unified weight to hold the administration accountable and pursue our priorities in areas like tax reform , energy , and government transparency . it addresses the president's executive overreach by only funding the department of homeland security , which oversees immigration enforcement , through february when the new congress can work together to stop the president's executive actions . read on for more about the legislation that passed the house tonight .		national		partisan		H001059		facebook		support
congresswoman bordallo joins members of congress and congressional staff in preparing care packages for the troops during a joint service project event held by the uso and the sesame workshop . this annual event on capitol hill produces 2,000 individual care packages .		national		neutral		B001245		facebook		support
it's our obligation to keep our children safe & protect our second amendment rights ‰ űň senator manchin believes we can and must do both . <http>		national		neutral		M001183		facebook		policy
we need to have special elections in new york state . there are now 500,000 people in brooklyn without a member of the state assembly , and another 300,000 people without a member of the state senate . the communities - marine park and crown heights , brownsville and canarsie , gerritsen beach and east new york - have been denied a voice in albany .		constituency		partisan		C001067		facebook		policy
over-criminalization in the us has resulted in lost human capital . judiciary committee task force can change that : <http>		national		partisan		J000294		twitter		policy
supporting h . r . 152 by rep . rodney frelinghuysen ( r-nj ) to support the recovery and health of natural habitats devastated by sandy . @nwf		national		neutral		C001090		twitter		support
as a frequent visitor to the san juan islands , i am thrilled that president obama is moving to designate them a national monument . these lands are a local treasure and they deserve to be protected . gridlock in congress should not halt the important work of preserving america ‰ űşs public lands .		national		partisan		M000404		facebook		support
yes ! shouting : super town . home of 1945 world series champ bob maier ! mt @emilykcody my mom wants a shout out 2 dunellen , nj her home town !		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		personal
thank you to sabri agachan for inviting me speak at the el paso raindrop turkish house . it was a pleasure to visit with you and hear your ideas about how to improve el paso .		constituency		neutral		O000170		facebook		policy
reminder : only four days left to take a photo and submit it to my facebook cover photo challenge ! what does our congressional district here in queens mean to you ? what scene do you think best represents us or is the most symbolic ? please submit a photo that shows what our district looks like through your eyes . ( to view a map of our district , go to : <http> ) . snap a photo and send it to mengcoverphoto@mail.house.gov . if your photo receives the most ‰ űďlikes , ‰ űť it will become my cover photo for one month ! be sure to include your name , the neighborhood where you reside , and a brief description of the photo with your entry . the contest ends on thursday , july 17th at 11:59 pm . if you have any questions , please contact either of my offices at 718-445-7861 ( forest hills ) , 718-445-7860 ( flushing ) or 202-225-2601 ( washington ) .		national		neutral		M001188		facebook		information
april is sexual assault awareness month . according to @rainn01 , 60 % of sexual assaults are not reported to police . #standup #saam		national		neutral		H001059		twitter		personal
the only pecan breeding program in the world is located in brownwood , texas . the u . s . department of agriculture site got its start in the 1930s when horticulturist hamilton p . traub began searching for a suitable site for pecan research . that search led him to the pecan bayou . the pecan breeding & genetics center has pecan varieties from throughout the world . this afternoon , i met some of the very talented men in women working at the center . to read more about the center click on the abilene reporter-news story : <http>		national		neutral		C001062		facebook		policy
mrs . georgia parker of mount clemens will be on the bus with diane and nelson jackon too !		national		neutral		L000263		facebook		personal
congratulations to lorraine miller , a trailblazing leader who has served our country with distinction , who will do an outstanding job leading the naacp as its interim president and ceo .		national		neutral		H000874		facebook		support
don ‰ űşt forget ! my staff will be holding a veterans assistance session in magnolia & camden on tuesday . details here : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001095		twitter		support
veterans have a new online resource to connect with employers #jobs #opportunity ‰ űň rt to share <http>		national		neutral		C001063		twitter		information
republicans said today taking snap out of the farm bill is getting rid of something #extraneous . tell that to 47 million hungry americans		national		partisan		F000455		facebook		policy
thanks to the folks at strawberry hill in chesnee for showing me around this morning ! check out my album " strawberry hill " to see a few pics .		national		neutral		M001182		facebook		personal
excellent . please rt : wsj : it was not the declaration of independence that gave us freedom but the continental army . <http>		national		neutral		B000755		twitter		mobilization
another holiday , another #obamacare delay . makes you wonder what president obama will do for christmas <http>		national		partisan		G000560		facebook		personal
on my way , soon , to meet with president barack obama at the white house . i will join house democrats to discuss the agenda for the coming year . i look forward to a discussion that will include the economy , immigration reform and other important issues . - - - esta tarde estaremos reunidos con el presidente barack obama para discutir la agenda para el 2014 . se espera una conversacion sobre la economia , inmigracion y otros temas de importancia .		national		neutral		S000248		facebook		policy
#prekforall is part of my #opportunityplan to empower working women to thrive in 21st century economy . #investinkids <http>		national		neutral		G000555		twitter		policy
today i visited the tropicana & packers of indian river facilities in #fl18 to discuss #localjobcreation . <http>		national		partisan		M001191		twitter		personal
today i was joined by 75 colleagues on both sides of the aisle in sending a letter to the chairman and ranking members of the house agriculture committee . as the house and senate to go conference on the farm bill , our letter urges them to retain the house farm bill provision repealing the duplicative and wasteful usda catfish inspection program . this program would be a boondoggle , and i'm thankful to my colleagues who have joined me in opposing this wasteful program .		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		policy
the workforce investment act #wia is critically important to getting americans back to work and meeting the modern demands of businesses .		national		partisan		I000055		twitter		support
on issues from raising the minimum wage to paid sick leave to income #inequality , new jersey working families alliance is leading the fight for fairness in the garden state . #icymi : great article in the star-ledger about all they do for hardworking new jerseyans <http>		national		neutral		P000034		facebook		policy
getting ready to talk about the issues hoosiers care about w / @amoswtlcindy today @ 2pm . listen on @am1310thelight .		national		neutral		C001072		twitter		media
we have avoided the impact of the fiscal cliff . not perfect but no tax hikes for middle income families . - sfl		national		neutral		L000562		facebook		policy
the u . s . house of representatives stem app challenge begins today ! learn more here & sign up : <http>		national		neutral		D000622		twitter		information
let me say to the nsa ... : there is no threat to america when i talk to my mother ! #mindyourownbusinessnsa <http>		national		partisan		G000556		twitter		policy
open enrollment starts today ! if you have questions or require assistance , contact the marketplace call center . you can find contact information below . open enrollment ends december 15 . if you enroll by december 15 , you'll be covered starting january 1 , 2015 . time to get covered !		national		neutral		M001160		facebook		support
i joined @repduckworth & a bipartisan group to introduce the mom act , extending maternity leave for military mothers .		national		partisan		B001279		twitter		support
no one is invisible . for national hunger and homelessness awareness week i remembered the homeless who died this year at abode's ceremony at st . james episcopal church .		national		neutral		S001193		facebook		personal
" the transformative power of technology is real , but so is the digital divide . " glad to work with mike michaud to make sure those without access to internet - especially our seniors - are not left behind . read our op-ed in today's roll call		national		neutral		D000614		facebook		policy
meeting with my veterans advisory board at parkland college before the 13th district veterans job and resource fair , which kicks off at 11am at dodds athletic center .		national		neutral		D000619		facebook		personal
3 arkansas counties have been designated as federal disaster areas . my statement : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001095		twitter		information
myrna has provided 58 years of dedication and public service to the people of larimer county and will be sorely missed . supremely knowledgeable , friendly service , and always up to the job , she is an example of public service at its finest .		national		neutral		G000562		facebook		support
attention all college students ! the deadline for spring internship applications for my washington dc office is this friday , november 15th . get your applications in ! <http>		national		neutral		R000307		facebook		support
i hope you will join me in celebrating constitution day today ! the united states constitution is a document unlike any other . first drafted by our founding fathers over 200 years ago , the constitution is not only the foundation of our legal system but remains a model for other emerging democracies around the world . this living , breathing document stands as a testament to the ideals we all share and have long held as americans . every bill i introduce here in the house of representatives must be accompanied by a statement of constitutional authority , reestablishing that the constitution remains the standard against which every piece of legislation must be compared . as a legislator , i personally carry a copy in my pocket at all times as a reminder of the work many representatives have accomplished before me , as well as the ongoing challenge of defending its fundamental tenets during all policy discussions . i encourage each of you to take some time today to revisit the document and reflect on the ideals that our country continues to hold dear . it can be found online here : <http>		national		neutral		D000612		facebook		personal
do you know why virginia is called a commonwealth ? take a moment today to learn what makes va unique <http>		national		neutral		F000445		twitter		information
best wishes to all the dancers , volunteers , families and kids participating in #thon14 ! thon is the largest student-run philanthropy in the world and has raised more than $ 101 million in support of the four diamonds fund at hershey children ‰ űşs hospital right here in pennsylvania ! watch live : <http> #ftk #weare		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		information
caseworker vita swarers will be in madison county tomorrow morning to help constituents who are having trouble with federal agencies . you can find her from 9am - 11am at the madisonville health resource center at 813 state street in madisonville . and if you're in leon county , come see vita at the ward memorial library at 207 e . st . mary in centerville from 1pm - 3pm .		constituency		neutral		B000755		facebook		media
i was very proud to lead a group of my colleagues in speaking on the floor of the house last night to promote and support h . r . 3685 , the protecting volunteer firefighters and emergency responders act . this legislation is necessary to protect volunteer firefighters from unintended consequences of the affordable care act ( aca ) . the bill has more than 80 cosponsors , including members of both parties . an unexpected and previously undetected problem with the law represents special and urgent circumstances . this really took me by surprise ‰ űň the fact that the aca could force volunteer fire companies to provide health insurance to their volunteers or pay a fine . that would burden them with unbearable costs and possibly cause them to reduce the number of volunteers they have or shut their doors altogether . simply put : this is a public safety issue . i ‰ űşve been concerned that since the internal revenue service ( irs ) currently views volunteer firefighters as employees , fire companies and municipalities would be forced to provide health insurance or pay a fine , saddling them with unbearable financial burdens and threatening public safety . i sent the irs a letter in november requesting a clarification , but the correspondence has gone unanswered as of today . under the employer mandate provision , employers with 50 or more employees must provide health insurance or pay penalties . this could be problematic for fire companies , particularly in pennsylvania where 97 - percent of stations rely exclusively or mostly on volunteers . fire companies could exceed the 50 employee threshold in several different ways : by themselves based on their size , by being part of a larger combined force under several different chiefs , or by being part of a municipality that has 50 or more public employees in total . some fire companies may hear about this and immediately think , ‰ űďwell , we ‰ űşve only got 25 volunteers so we ‰ űşre safe . we don ‰ űşt have fifty . ‰ űť that may not necessarily be the case . some fire companies are considered part of their local government . that could mean that if you take the number of firefighters ‰ űň paid and unpaid ‰ űň now considered employees by the irs , and add them to the number of other public employees , you can easily reach fifty , even in a small town . ‰ űť		national		partisan		B001269		facebook		policy
@progressagent @ramya_bal job training , education policy , food policy , retirement security , trade policy , international human rights . . .		national		partisan		B001288		twitter		policy
potus : we have to address climate change . " the debate has ended #sotu		national		partisan		C001078		twitter		support
giulia and my thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by the current ebola outbreak in west africa specifically samaritan's purse volunteers kent brantley and nancy writebol , a charlotte resident . please join us in praying for all those infected by this horrific virus and thanking the brave volunteers , like those from samaritan's purse , fighting to stop this outbreak . <http>		constituency		neutral		M001156		facebook		policy
happy #juneteenth ! as we commemorate the end of slavery in the us , let us continue to break barriers to equality facing many americans .		national		neutral		W000808		facebook		personal
have apocalyptic warnings relative to " global warming " been made such as rising oceans , melting ice bergs and dying animals ? yes , a century ago . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		personal
live : #cte caucus briefing on narrowing the skills gap in america <http>		national		neutral		B001230		twitter		information
last week , i was proud to return to new mexico to deliver the keynote address at a special u . s . citizenship & immigration services ( uscis ) naturalization ceremony in albuquerque . it was an inspiring ceremony , held at the south broadway cultural center . we welcomed 68 new mexicans representing 29 countries as they took the oath of allegiance to our country . each of them had proudly fulfilled the requirements to become citizens . click here for more : <http>		national		neutral		U000039		facebook		support
update : the unlocking consumer choice and wireless competition act ( cell phone unlocking bill ) has been signed into law ! good to see this pro-consumer , pro-competition legislation become law . more info on it here : <http>		national		neutral		G000289		facebook		support
rt @usdanutrition : don't miss our #usdaf2s chat today ( 10/23 ) at 3:00 et . tell us how do you bring the farm to school ? follow #healthierne ‰ ű_		constituency		neutral		W000779		twitter		media
video : cornyn to obama : no clean debt limit deal		national		neutral		C001056		facebook		support
here we go again . transportation / housing bill is just the latest that grossly underfunds america's needs . cc : @appropsdems		national		partisan		D000216		twitter		information
in today ‰ űşs challenging budgetary environment , strategic spending is more critical than ever before . this subcommittee continues to find this administration ‰ űşs efforts to spend less where the proven benefits are exponential , and more on some of the same funding areas to maintain the status quo . we will remind the administration once again that our constituents expect us to make smarter , forward-looking decisions when investing their hard earned taxpayer dollars .		national		neutral		A000055		facebook		information
contrary to popular belief , deportations were down sharply last year according to today's la times .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		information
this morning , i am discussing my thoughts on the president's plan to combat isis . live with @rolandsmartin on @newsone		national		partisan		T000193		facebook		media
delaying or refusing to vote to #renewui has real life consequences for 2.8 million americans - <http> <http>		national		partisan		L000263		twitter		information
coble statement on latest cr votes <http>		national		neutral		C000556		twitter		support
widespread access to biosimilars can significantly reduce health care costs and increase access to affordable treatments .		national		neutral		B001257		facebook		support
this washington times article from last october examines some of the questions seal team six family members have raised about the ill-fated extortion 17 helicopter mission .		national		neutral		C001076		facebook		personal
going live on abc - 7 srq <http>		national		neutral		B001260		twitter		personal
the #ableact levels the playing field for those w / disabilities . let ‰ űşs make it law of the land : <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		policy
we have a constitutional responsibility and it is incumbent upon us to ensure that we never go into a war divided . #maddow		national		neutral		M001169		twitter		information
i will be live this morning at 8: 30am ct on america ‰ űşs newsroom with martha maccallum talking about the debt ceiling !		national		neutral		K000362		facebook		personal
seeing a wildfire ember storm test demonstration at @disastersafety <http>		national		neutral		D000600		twitter		support
do you or someone you know live in brandon and need help with a federal agency like the department of veterans affairs ? my staff is hosting mobile office hours tomorrow . please stop by !		constituency		neutral		R000593		facebook		personal
teamdutch earlier today helping constituents facing foreclosure in randallstown :		national		neutral		R000576		facebook		personal
at the vietnam war memorial ceremony at brazos valley veterans park #usa #rememberourvets <http>		constituency		neutral		F000461		twitter		personal
happening now : ways & means hearing w / irs commissioner koskinen . tune in to <http> to hear my question re : aca tax concerns		national		neutral		J000290		twitter		support
joined betty liu this morning on bloomberg television to talk about the marketplace fairness act . watch the interview here : <http>		national		neutral		W000809		facebook		mobilization
today , robert visited with nina brown of charlottesville and kayla orta of warrenton , both recipients of the boren scholarship granted by the national security education program ( nsep ) at the department of defense .		constituency		neutral		H001060		facebook		information
the president can take these steps - right now - to #securetheborder & safely return children home . <http> #bordercrisis		national		partisan		B000589		twitter		support
congress will soon consider the marketplace fairness act . this would allow states to charge sales tax on online purchases made within the state . what is your opinion ?		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
my outreach coordinator for bexar county , pete arguello , presented a congressional certificate of recognition on my behalf to bruce miller , who is retiring as president and ceo of port san antonio . mr . miller has been with port san antonio since 2002 . mr . miller was an integral part in bringing port san antonio to a point where its businesses house 13,000 employees and generate over $ 4 billion a year in regional economic revenue . thank you for your service !		constituency		neutral		C001063		facebook		support
great meeting with mike moss with triumph fabrications this afternoon ! thanks for stopping by . <http>		constituency		neutral		C001095		twitter		constituency
healthy births prevent costlier medical issues later in life and reduce overall health costs for our communities		national		neutral		C001066		facebook		personal
thanks to the bravery of the greatest generation , tyranny was defeated and freedom rings today . #dday70 <http>		national		partisan		C001094		twitter		support
tune in : peter ‰ űşs interview on channel 3 ‰ űşs ‰ űďyou can quote me ‰ űť will air on sunday at 11am . he ‰ űşll discuss his partnership with vermont ‰ űşs cheese makers to block the food and drug administration from banning the use of wood shelves in the aging of cheese . #saveourcheese		national		neutral		W000800		facebook		support
remember bill ? he and his friends are stuck on @senatorreid ' s desk . #4jobs <http>		national		partisan		H001059		twitter		attack
@trevorfdane baltic & eastern european states fear country that brutally occupied them . cold war is over . soviet union gone , now russia		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		information
" analyses of the senate's ' gang of eight ' bill show that the legislation would add 30 million additional immigrants to the united states over the next decade , at a time when the number of americans not in the labor force has reached record highs ... experts say adding millions more to the labor force would harm working class americans by taking away jobs and lowering wages . the congressional budget office has estimated wages would decline by 0.1 percent in the first decade ... ' first thing to keep in mind is it's not a good time to push through anything even remotely resembling the gang of eight bill , ' said peter kirsanow , a member of the u . s . commission on civil rights , in an interview . ' even in a roaring economy it would be a spectacularly bad idea . ' "		national		neutral		S001141		facebook		support
really enjoyed touring @tuthilltown distillery today in gardiner . very impressed w ralph & his team . great job ! #ny19 <http>		national		neutral		G000564		twitter		support
on 5th anniversary of last time minimum wage was raised , 2 many ncians are working hard and struggling to make ends meet . #raisethewage		national		partisan		H001049		twitter		policy
instead of lurching from one manufactured crisis to the next , it's time for congress to focus on creating jobs ! <http>		national		partisan		K000380		twitter		support
mary ann strock : why doesn't the immigration reform bill provide for more ice agents ? there are fewer ice agents for the entire us than lapd has police officers ? how can 5000 ice agents enforce immigration laws in the us ? you can't just fix part of the immigration problem and ignore the rest . the immigration reform bill that passed the senate includes the biggest investment in border security funding in our history . this bill will double the size of the u . s . border patrol and require an additional 350 miles of fencing along the u . s . - mexico border . #asktim		national		neutral		K000384		facebook		policy
my prayers are w / families of 4 innocent israelis - incl . 3 american citizens - murdered by terrorists today in jerusalem . #standwithisrael		national		neutral		K000360		twitter		personal
queen creek ! buckeye ! yuma ! i'll be in your neck of the woods this month . check out the attached flyer for more info . <http>		national		neutral		G000565		twitter		personal
abc news reports irs official in charge of political targeting is now responsible 4 #obamacare office <http>		national		neutral		W000813		twitter		policy
this might hurt a little ... please share this one . too funny not to .		national		neutral		B000755		facebook		personal
great to see niagara falls make the @nytimes list of 52 places to go in 2014 : <http> .		national		neutral		C001092		twitter		other
icymi : daily progress : hurt staffers available for constituent issues in madison on friday : <http>		constituency		neutral		H001060		twitter		information
happy fathers day to everyone . remember to give him a call . it means a lot to family to stay in touch .		national		neutral		G000551		facebook		personal
. @roswellpark is one of only 41 institutions nationwide that has earned designation of comprehensive cancer center <http>		constituency		neutral		H001038		twitter		policy
congratulations to park hill high school and park hill south high school of the 6th congressional district for being recognized for their outstanding academic programs ! after touring schools throughout the district this week to discuss education issues with teachers , administrators , and parents , i know that we have many great schools throughout the district to be proud of ! <http>		national		neutral		G000546		facebook		support
four separate independent economic analyses this year have proven that fundamental tax reform means economic growth , higher wages , and more jobs for america . and i ‰ űşm pleased to announce that for the third year in a row , chairman paul ryan ‰ űşs budget resolution specifically mentions the #fairtax as tax reform legislation congress should consider . <http>		national		partisan		W000810		facebook		support
in yet another wrongly reasoned ‰ űďcorporations are people too ‰ űť decision , corporations are allowed not only to pollute our democracy but also to interfere with their employees ‰ űş personal healthcare choices . this represents unjustified judicial interference in both women ‰ űşs health and religious liberty . since contraception is essential preventive health care , it should not be singled out for special treatment .		national		neutral		D000399		facebook		support
there are many resources available to those who struggle with suicidal thoughts . - joe		national		neutral		D000607		twitter		personal
" at issue is something that strikes at the very heart of who we are , what we believe & what we have always stood for " <http>		national		partisan		P000603		twitter		policy
rt @hrc : great news ! az @govbrewer vetoes horrendous " license to discriminate " bill #sb1062 <http> via @hrc		constituency		partisan		B001279		twitter		policy
rt @jimwallis : important piece on #massincarceration & #redeem by my colleague @lisasharper for @sojourners <http> @coryboo ‰ ű_		national		partisan		B001288		twitter		support
tune in to @foxnews at 8p m et to see my interview on the @oreillyfactor about the #gosnell murder trial & controversies related to @ppact		national		neutral		B001243		twitter		media
on @wiod i said : arrests of 100 @damasdblanco by #castro shows a determination 2 silence #cuba's #democracy movement <http>		national		neutral		R000435		facebook		information
@davidcarroll3 @tnaquarium have to agree with the groundhog . looking forward to seeing fellow #vol peyton lift the lombardi trophy .		national		neutral		F000459		twitter		personal
it was a singular honor to speak at the 2014 dr . king commemorative service @ ebenezer baptist church on monday : <http>		national		neutral		J000288		twitter		media
jody walters and her son , kaden perrin , visited me today to talk about dyslexia education and screening . @ddwv12 <http>		national		neutral		C001047		twitter		personal
" on january 10 , 1901 , an enormous geyser of oil exploded from a drilling site at spindletop hill , a mound created by an underground salt deposit located near beaumont in jefferson county , southeastern texas . reaching a height of more than 150 feet and producing close to 100,000 barrels a day , the " gusher " was more powerful than any previously seen in the world . a booming oil industry soon grew up around the oil field at spindletop , and many of the major oil companies in america , including gulf oil , texaco and exxon , can trace their origins there . " <http>		constituency		neutral		P000592		facebook		policy
despite the loss last night by boise state , staff and i enjoyed some great bronco cookies today . how is your bracket doing ?		constituency		neutral		C000880		facebook		personal
great night for springfield residents with the pre-opening of the new springfield town center . congrats to sup . jeff mckay for his hard work		constituency		neutral		C001078		twitter		support
the urban league of northwest indiana continues its good work to expand economic opportunities for families throughout our region . <http>		national		neutral		V000108		facebook		constituency
today marks the 69th anniversary of d-day . let's take a moment to reflect upon the bravery and courage our young men displayed that day and the sacrifices that were made as the allied forces stormed normandy . <http>		national		neutral		H001058		facebook		personal
it was 70 years ago today , as troops from the united states joined their allies for the historic d-day invasion of france , that they received a message from general dwight d . eisenhower ‰ űň then supreme allied commander in europe : " you are about to embark upon a great crusade , toward which we have striven these many months . the eyes of the world are upon you . the hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you ‰ ű_ . i have full confidence in your courage , devotion to duty and skill in battle . we will accept nothing less than full victory ! good luck ! and let us all beseech the blessings of almighty god upon this great and noble undertaking . " as a nation , we honor those brave men who stormed the beaches at normandy , turning the tide of world war ii and catapulting the u . s . and its allies to victory over the oppressive nazi war machine . we say " thank you " to veterans , both present and past , and pledge to never forget the sacrifices they made to allow us to enjoy the freedoms we cherish today .		national		neutral		H001053		facebook		support
great visit to greencastle on tuesday . were you able to attend a recent town hall ?		constituency		neutral		R000592		facebook		constituency
always great to see senator richard bryan . #homemeansnevada #battleborn <http>		national		neutral		H001041		twitter		support
it was great visiting with members of the petroleum marketers association of america ( pmaa ) today in washington . <http>		national		neutral		Y000063		twitter		personal
this is significant : <http>		national		partisan		B000589		twitter		attack
join me for ‰ ű ÷ conversations with ben ray ‰ űş in #santafe tomorrow : <http>		national		neutral		L000570		twitter		media
four years since #aca became law : 105 million americans have received access to free preventive services . #healthcare4all		national		partisan		L000579		twitter		policy
it was a pleasure being on talk of the town with henry hinton this morning to talk about why i voted against the $ 1.1 trillion spending bill congress passed last week . here we are with the 1,600 page bill .		national		partisan		J000255		facebook		policy
the house continues to pass job bills that would better our economy and the lives of the american people . it is time for senator harry reid to allow the senate to vote on them and for the president to realize america needs job creation .		national		neutral		F000461		facebook		support
thank you to norwich police officer jonathan ley for his service to our country in the coast guard and for the heroism he displayed , not just at the jan . 7 , standoff where he was badly injured , but every day as one of eastern connecticut's first responders . wishing him a continued speedy recovery .		constituency		neutral		C001069		facebook		personal
i was sad to hear about the passing of governor ‰ űďdoc ‰ űť bowen on saturday . although i did not know him personally , his legacy is well known among hoosiers and his colleagues in healthcare . doc bowen ‰ űşs contribution to our state and nation ‰ űşs healthcare during his time as a physician , indiana governor , and secretary of health and human services will not be forgotten . his legacy serves as a reminder that medical professionals play a vital role in public policy and i hope more follow his example . kathryn and i send our thoughts and prayers to his family .		national		partisan		B001275		facebook		policy
@pmason03 you're very welcome , proud to do it !		national		neutral		Q000023		twitter		personal
watch me talk about the #aca tonight at 7:30 on @hardball , at 9:00 on @piersmorganlive & at 9:30 with @megynkelly		national		neutral		P000034		twitter		media
mt " @dbwaddell : congrats to @bradhparsons on being named to @arkbusiness 40 under 40 @neabaptist @bmhcc <http> congrats brad		national		neutral		C001087		twitter		personal
dinner and chatting with new mexicans at the grand hotel resturant in deming		constituency		neutral		P000588		facebook		policy
welcome to my official congressional facebook page ! i look forward to having an ongoing dialogue with you about the important issues facing the 2nd congressional district and the nation .		national		neutral		K000385		facebook		information
we want to hear from you ! write and let us know what issues you care about :		national		neutral		S001191		facebook		other
icymi : this weekend al and us ag sec . vilsack highlighted the importance of passing a long-term #farmbill <http>		national		neutral		F000457		twitter		policy
today my bill passed favorably out of the ways and means committee to expand & update the child tax credit . share if you believe our economy succeeds when #familiessucceed .		national		neutral		J000290		facebook		policy
the helium bill is headed to president ‰ űşs desk ‰ űóthis is great news for wyoming and is a significant step in the fight to restore our aml funding .		constituency		neutral		B001261		facebook		policy
#acaworks : more than 71k #wisconsinites have signed up for coverage through the <http> marketplace . #getcovered		national		partisan		B001230		twitter		policy
congrats to courtney voshell , @drvosh_dhs , from dover high on being named national assistant principal of the year ! <http>		national		neutral		C001083		twitter		personal
i have said for years now that we could bring energy costs down if we pursued more domestic production and american energy independence . it is a matter of supply & demand . with oil and gas development happening in n . dakota and texas ( state and private lands btw is where it is happening - and it could boom in pennsylvania & new york with marcellus shale as well as california with monterey shale and alaska with anwr / npr ) , supplies are way up from increased production coupled with a sluggish global economy which has resulted in soft demand . throw technological advances in there , too , for a complete picture of the oil and gas boom we are seeing . i say the boom is happening in spite of obama administration policies . i will be criticized by some on here . that is ok . average americans know the truth . and the price at the pump can be lower . here is a good read on this :		national		partisan		D000615		facebook		policy
just sent @usarmy secretary and chief of staff of @usarmy a letter for support for current operations and personnel at @fortleonardwood .		national		neutral		S001195		twitter		support
i had a great morning in bozeman at the vietnam veterans of america pancake breakfast . always an honor to talk with montana's veterans - - thanks for your service !		national		neutral		D000618		facebook		personal
honored to be the ca house dem caucus representative at the @ca_dem #eboard mtg . <http>		constituency		neutral		S001193		twitter		personal
in fact , this feb . in this affidavit cia said the files are the senate ‰ űşs . cia actively interfered w / our investigation <http>		national		neutral		W000779		twitter		information
june is great outdoors month and there is no better state to experience the outdoors than california . <http>		constituency		neutral		F000062		twitter		personal
#tbt this one's taking it back ! #nofilter #throwbackthursday		national		neutral		I000056		facebook		personal
this morning , i joined local government officials and community leaders at the ymca of central florida for their 20th annual celebration of prayer .		national		neutral		W000806		facebook		policy
discussed accountability and transparency in the va with concerned veterans for america ( @concernedvets ) w / ceo pete hegseth ( @petehegseth )		national		neutral		H001057		twitter		information
as top democrat on the financial services appropriations committee , i will participate in tomorrow's oversight hearing with the internal revenue service at 10am . <http>		national		neutral		S000248		facebook		policy
lance accepts accept award from american society of plastic surgeons <http>		national		neutral		L000567		facebook		personal
today is the 3rd anniversary of obamacare . instead of higher premiums , sky-rocketing taxes , and reduced care , we need market-based and patient-centered reforms to expand access to quality and affordable health care options . this week , the house passed a budget that repeals and defunds obamacare . i will remain committed to fully repealing the president's health care overhaul to protect all americans from its disastrous effects .		national		partisan		H001067		facebook		support
@senateag showcase features #biobased industry leaders . happy to welcome springdale's biobased technologies . <http>		constituency		neutral		B001236		twitter		personal
ravens visit the white house for meeting with obama ( photos ) <http> via @baltbizonline		constituency		neutral		C000984		facebook		other
enjoyed talking with customers yesterday at cj's cafe in pekin . <http>		national		neutral		B001286		twitter		personal
today in history in 1969 , neil armstrong became the first person to walk on the moon .		national		neutral		M001165		facebook		information
i hope so . #letyourvoicebeheard rt @elaina32 : i hope you & all other senate members understand that on monday u will b bombarded by #renewui		national		neutral		B001288		twitter		media
" annual ‰ ű ÷ day of silence ‰ űş calls attention to ‰ ű ÷ silencing effect ‰ űş of anti-lgbt bullying " <http> #dayofsilence		national		neutral		M001111		twitter		information
in this week ‰ űşs republican address , majority leader eric cantor ( r-va ) touts legislation the house will take up next week to #stopgovtabuse and restore taxpayer trust . see more at : <http>		constituency		neutral		R000597		facebook		information
25 million hardworking americans across every district will benefit if we #raisethewage to $ 10.10 . take a look : <http>		national		partisan		R000588		twitter		policy
3rd district photo contest entry carlisle cranberry bog photographer : stacie h .		national		neutral		T000465		facebook		personal
in the albany park area on friday , i met with staff of ald . marge laurino to assess flood damage . our office is doing everything we can to make sure impacted residents get the help they need to get back in their homes as soon as possible .		constituency		neutral		Q000023		facebook		personal
today , i voted in favor of h . r . 5016 - financial services and general government appropriations act , 2015 . the bill stops the irs from implementing obamacare , prohibits funds for the irs to enforce the individual mandate , and prohibits transfers of funds from health and human services to the irs for obamacare . it also prohibits the irs from targeting individuals based on their political beliefs , cuts funding to the irs by $ 341 million dollars , and prohibits funding for the executive office of the president to prepare signing statements and executive orders that contradict existing law . this administration has used the irs as a weapon against citizens who disagree with him politically and he ‰ űşs used executive orders as a weapon against a congress that disagrees with him legislatively . this bill takes away his ability to do both		national		partisan		Y000065		facebook		policy
w / record #nmdrought we must provide some relief . #farmbill renews disaster assistance programs , makes them retroactive . glad we got it done		national		neutral		U000039		twitter		policy
i am proud that 52 years later , americans are still answering president kennedy ‰ űşs call to serve their country in the name of peace .		national		neutral		F000030		facebook		support
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the recent storms in the u . s . !		national		neutral		W000413		twitter		personal
selfie at the capitol w the huisman family from the 2nd district ! thanks for coming out to visit ! <http>		constituency		neutral		H001058		twitter		personal
icymi : today the oklahoman published an op-ed that i co-wrote with senator jim inhofe about the surge of illegal minors crossing our borders and the strain it's causing on our military .		national		partisan		C001053		facebook		policy
today , the senate introduced a plan for comprehensive immigration reform . the plan is a tremendous step toward fixing our broken immigration system and strengthening el paso . for the first time in over three decades , congress has the opportunity to pass a serious comprehensive immigration reform bill . it has the support of a broad coalition of leaders , including members of both parties and business , labor , and immigration advocacy groups . it goes a long way in addressing critical concerns - it creates a path to citizenship for immigrants that pay their taxes , obey our laws and learn english . it also helps reunite broken families , gives young dreamers an opportunity to pursue their goals and directs resources towards securing our border . el paso will be uniquely impacted by whatever bill congress passes and i am committed to making sure our voice is heard in this debate . our community has long dealt with the consequences of both long wait times at our ports and immigration laws that break up families and ignore economic conditions . i look forward to reviewing the entire bill more in depth , but it is a great first step to fixing our immigration system . i hope that congress rises to the challenge and passes comprehensive immigration reform this year . for a full copy of my statement , click on the link below .		national		neutral		O000170		facebook		support
check out @bostonglobe story about @umasslowell & #natick labs partnership . next gen of innovation leaders are in #ma03 <http>		constituency		neutral		T000465		twitter		personal
broad bipartisan support for #bluealert @grahamblog @senatorleahy this is a way much like amber alert to let public get involved in safety		national		partisan		C000141		twitter		support
i ‰ űşm honored to be selected by my colleagues to serve on the house committee on energy and commerce for the 114th congress . with my first-hand experience as a physician ; the importance of the hoosier coal industry to our low-cost energy and economic vitality ; indiana ‰ űşs robust and growing manufacturing sector , and the critical need to improve our broadband capabilities for education , business , industry , and rural development , this appointment offers me a platform to advocate for issues of key importance to our district , state , and country . i ‰ űşm excited to get to work !		national		partisan		B001275		facebook		policy
earlier today , i sent this letter to speaker boehner and leader cantor . join me in calling on speaker boehner to stop sequestration by " liking " the letter and " share " it with your friends and family .		national		neutral		T000472		facebook		policy
#sotu		constituency		neutral		M001182		facebook		other
great meeting with the illinois realtors association today in springfield		constituency		neutral		D000619		facebook		information
it was so great to visit the #ymca in hopkinsville and see all of the wonderful progress that has been made !		constituency		neutral		W000413		facebook		policy
that last retweet demonstrates my point ...		national		neutral		D000615		twitter		support
speaking at boston college today on our future of clean energy . the wind & solar revolution is working across massachusetts & the us .		national		neutral		M000133		facebook		support
don't miss it ! will be live w / @prattontexas at 5:05 pm ct . tune in to kfyo or catch it online : <http>		constituency		neutral		C001098		twitter		media
i had the opportunity to visit eagle manufacturing in wellsburg this morning . manufacturing is the backbone of the american economy , and i appreciated the chance to learn more about this major brooke county employer .		national		neutral		C001047		facebook		information
it was great meeting with hong kong ‰ űşs new commissioner to the united states yesterday , mr . clement leung , to discuss our shared commitment to trade . hong kong is america ‰ űşs ninth largest trading partner and a major importer of american products .		national		neutral		C001063		facebook		information
watch now : speaking on my amendment to hr10 to increase accountability & transparency for students in charters : <http>		national		partisan		W000808		twitter		information
i'll be joining newt gingrich and van jones on crossfire tonight at 630p on cnn - make sure to tune in !		national		neutral		S001184		facebook		support
@calinnovates thank you for the time and the insight !		national		neutral		S001156		twitter		personal
right now , i am currently holding an open house at my new cambridge district office . if you're in the area , i hope you can stop by !		national		partisan		J000292		facebook		policy
today , we reflect and remember those who died on september 11th . we must also thank those who protect us at home and abroad every day . we will never forget the brave americans we lost and their acts of courage on that day will continue to make us all proud to be americans .		national		neutral		G000563		facebook		support
visited polk training center for the handicapped & toured the student gardens and work stations <http>		constituency		neutral		W000806		twitter		information
on this 50th anniversary of the #marchonwashington , take a few minutes to read #mlk ‰ űşs inspiring words : <http> #mow50		national		neutral		R000598		twitter		policy
good news for @contracostacnty : passed legislation so important work can get done at walnut creek in a timely manner . <http>		constituency		neutral		T000460		twitter		information
today we mourn the loss of four rabbis , three of which were american citizens , and a policeman , who fell victim to violent attacks . the united states must remain steadfast in our commitment to stand with israel as these acts of terror are far too common today . my thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families , and all the innocent bystanders who were forced to witness this horrendous act of violence .		national		neutral		G000562		facebook		information
proud that louisiana ranks # 1 in the nation for best business climate . must be that perfect roux for economic growth . share if you agree .		national		neutral		S001176		facebook		personal
file this under " unbelievable . " not only are the democrats on the house committee on financial services refusing to tackle our debt , they would just prefer to ignore it all together .		national		partisan		S001189		facebook		policy
@dropoutnation you can vote out school board , you can't vote out the department of education .		national		partisan		R000592		twitter		policy
watch live @ 10:45 am et : discussing need for potus to offer serious plans to address debt & replace his ‰ ű ÷ sequester ‰ űş <http>		national		neutral		B000589		twitter		personal
what are your thoughts on the delay concerning the employer mandate in obamacare ?		national		neutral		G000563		facebook		policy
in this week's e-newsletter : find out about #pa8's olympic connections , what i thought of the president's annual address , and how you can get the #sotu experience year-round ! read : <http>		national		neutral		F000451		facebook		information
today , the house passed the intelligence authorization act for 2014 and 2015 . it was encouraging to see that attached into the base text was an idea i originally introduced in hr 3436 to give some independence to the inspector general at the national security agency . however , i ultimately voted against the final bill because i believe it didn't go far enough in reining in the nsa and protecting individual liberty and privacy . click below to read more .		national		partisan		S000051		facebook		support
just finished talking about @nolabelsorg and making government work through bipartisanship on @kusi_news <http>		national		neutral		P000608		twitter		information
working with @agschneiderman to ensure schools are safe haven for students to learn and grow , not a place of hatred and persecution		national		partisan		M001185		twitter		policy
on #veteransday , & everyday , we must remember & thank selfless #veterans who sacrificed so much 2 keep our nation safe <http>		national		neutral		H001069		twitter		personal
is your child interested in applying to one of our nation ‰ űşs greatest service academy ‰ űşs ? please join my office along with the offices of congressman tom rooney and congressman daniel webster this saturday for service academy day . representatives from west point - the u . s . military academy , us air force academy ( official ) , united states naval academy , u . s . coast guard academy , united states merchant marine academy and florida southern college army rotc ( moccasin battalion rotc ) will be in attendance . information will be provided on the service academy application process and acceptance requirements . <http>		national		neutral		R000593		facebook		personal
small , nonfarm businesses in 43 colorado counties are eligible to apply for low-interest federal disaster loans ... <http>		constituency		partisan		P000593		twitter		policy
great news for gallatin and #tn06 !		national		neutral		B001273		facebook		support
@livecut @katheinemann @marybonomack @danarohrabacher @darrellissa was mistaken . in debate dem leaders declared tax rates not permanent		national		neutral		R000409		twitter		policy
the right to vote should be protected and expanded , not attacked and curtailed . read more :		national		partisan		B001281		facebook		policy
video : my remarks during today's ways & means oversight hearing re : #taxes & #healthcarelaw <http> @waysandmeansgop		national		neutral		P000594		twitter		media
icymi : just posted my weekly wrap-up on the cotton blog ! <http>		national		neutral		C001095		facebook		media
robert moffit , ph . d . , senior fellow at the heritage foundation joined us for conservative opportunity society this morning to discuss ‰ űďreaffirming constitutional principles in public debate . ‰ űť		national		neutral		K000362		facebook		policy
what other options are there for raising $ 350 billion with such a negligible impact on middle-class americans and main street businesses ?		national		partisan		H000206		twitter		policy
yesterday i questioned continental resources ceo harold hamm during a senate energy committee hearing on the best ways for the federal government to help industry produce the energy necessary for our nation to become energy independent . watch video of our conversation <http> <http>		national		neutral		H001061		facebook		support
i was proud to join humanity for africa for their #bringbackourgirls rally this weekend to put continued pressure on the nigerian government and the international community to act fast for the release of the nigerian girls kidnapped by boko haram three months ago .		national		neutral		P000604		facebook		personal
president reagan , 26 years ago today : <http>		national		neutral		M001158		twitter		information
so much for gun control preventing mass shooting disasters . <http>		national		neutral		F000456		facebook		information
got to to talk earlier today about a special local effort to #endtrafficking		national		partisan		C001093		facebook		information
i continue to accept applications for nominations to the u . s . service academies . interested students should visit my website or contact my guam district office at 477-4272 for more information or if they have any questions with the nomination process . the deadline for submission is monday , december 1 , 2014 .		national		neutral		B001245		facebook		personal
#obamacare forces all health insurers to pay a fee on premiums for policies sold . this hidden tax is passed onto consumers , forcing small businesses to either raise premiums or lay off employees . nfib predicts this tax will kill at least 146,000 jobs . #brokenpromises <http>		national		partisan		O000168		facebook		policy
while america pauses to honor our veterans each november 11th , we must never forget that our veterans deserve our commitment and respect every day of the year . i believe the best way to do that is to guarantee a well-run healthcare system , stellar support services , and a promise to never rush our soldiers into harm ‰ űşs way . this picture is from earlier this year when we broke ground on a new va clinic in eugene . we also dedicated a new va home in lebanon in september . i ‰ űşm proud of these projects . i also understand the struggles of navigating the va bureaucracy . i have two staff members who work full-time helping veterans . if you or someone you know needs help navigating services , please contact my eugene office by calling 1-800-944-9603 . thank you to our veterans for all you have done for this country .		national		neutral		D000191		facebook		personal
i wish all west virginians a fun and safe halloween season . whether you are going trick-or-treating tonight or celebrating tomorrow evening , i encourage you to check out the cdc's halloween health and safety tips before heading out the door : <http>		constituency		neutral		M001183		facebook		policy
talked w / alexis , rising star involved in @neastudents , about student loan debt . an inspiration ! #degreesnotdebt <http>		national		neutral		S001170		twitter		information
did you know i am on instagram ? check it out and follow me ! <http> <http>		national		neutral		H001053		twitter		personal
here's to hoping clemson tigers can show as much " get after it " today vs ncstate ! go tigers ! #clemson #tigerfootball #bloodrunnethorange		national		neutral		D000615		twitter		personal
tips for staying warm should you be outside this week helping clean after recent storms via the coal city courant : <http>		national		neutral		K000378		twitter		information
trust : ds vs rs <http>		national		neutral		C001056		twitter		support
the rain couldn't stop me from taking part in this weekend's korean day parade and festival in nyc . was honored to march as a grand marshall . thanks to the korean-american association of greater new york ( kaagny ) for organizing it .		constituency		neutral		M001188		facebook		personal
as people work hard to find jobs , they should have a safety net there to support them . it ‰ űşs time to act ! #renewui		national		neutral		M000702		twitter		support
tx is the leader in clean energy job growth . our pro-growth policies support a true all-of-the-above energy effort that boosts our economy #4jobs <http>		national		neutral		O000168		facebook		other
w / ri cong delegation , mayors , police , @tenygross & families affected by guns to present unified voice on gun safety <http>		constituency		neutral		L000559		twitter		media
live : let ‰ űşs leave our kids with the america our parents gave us--one in which everyone has the opportunity to succeed <http>		national		partisan		M001159		twitter		support
i will hold a business roundtable in jerome on friday , june 21st . i hope you can join me at this event to discuss tax and regulatory reform , obamacare and other issues facing businesses .		national		neutral		G000565		facebook		policy
me uno a todos en pr en pro de la liberacion de oscar lopez . seguiremos haciendole esa peticion a la casa blanca @wkaq580 @noticel @voceropr		national		neutral		S000248		twitter		policy
from the end of world war ii until 1973 , we saw an expanding middle class , with people ‰ űşs incomes going up . since that point , and especially since the wall street ‰ űňdriven financial crisis , you ‰ űşve seen a real collapse . since 1999 median family income has gone down $ 5,000 . real unemployment , counting people who have given up looking for work or who are working part-time when they want to work full-time , is more than 14 percent . read more here : <http>		national		neutral		S000033		facebook		policy
70 % of american voters support delay of #obamacare's individual mandate <http>		national		neutral		D000616		twitter		support
this summer , congress passed a law making it easier to fire va officials involved in the horrific care of our nation's veterans . these folks have to be held accountable for their lack of service . <http>		national		neutral		B001243		facebook		policy
also , happy 239th birthday to the @usarmy and all who have served !		national		neutral		P000594		twitter		information
great to talk with student government leaders and freeholder ken armwood at the edison job corps community relations lunch earlier today . congratulations to job corps for 50 years of life-changing work ! <http>		constituency		neutral		P000034		facebook		personal
" its not titles that honor men but men that honor titles . " thank u nj & all that put trust in me . i'll work everyday 2 honor this new office		constituency		neutral		B001288		twitter		policy
a quick reminder that we have more town halls this saturday ‰ űň march 15th ‰ űň in ontario , seneca & tompkins counties . looking forward to seeing many of you there : <http>		national		neutral		R000585		facebook		policy
important biennial budget bill i have been working on with @repribble passed the house budget committee today with bipartisan support !		national		neutral		S001180		twitter		personal
#obamacare customers could be blindsided with expensive back taxes from the irs . <http>		national		neutral		F000459		twitter		support
with 40 employers in attendance , i hope to see you at the career fair i am hosting with goodwill of central arizona . thursday , may 2nd 10am - 2pm		constituency		neutral		G000565		facebook		constituency
from my family to yours , happy thanksgiving ! i hope your day is blessed with friends and family . my thoughts are also with those who are not able to be home for the holidays , and i thank them for their service to our nation .		national		neutral		G000289		facebook		policy
for all of you early birds , i will be on the @jallman971 show tomorrow at 7:10 am cst .		national		neutral		W000812		twitter		media
it is an honor to continue serving as northern michigan ‰ űşs voice in congress . today , i was sworn into the 113th congress . our country is facing big challenges and i am hopeful that both sides can work together to enact some positive solutions for the american people .		national		neutral		B001271		facebook		personal
the #benghazi hearing begins today , you can watch the live stream beginning at 10:30 ct here : <http>		national		partisan		S001176		twitter		information
did you know today is manufacturing day ? these jobs are important to our louisiana economy . who do you know that earns their livelihood in manufacturing ?		national		partisan		B001255		facebook		policy
you didn ‰ űşt have to agree with gail to love her . she was nashville ‰ űşs finest . ( 2/2 ) <http>		constituency		neutral		C000754		twitter		personal
@bbcworld , help us keep the kidnapped nigerian school girls ' story out front . #bringbackourgirls #joinrepwilson <http>		national		neutral		W000808		twitter		mobilization
. @mlive - huizenga invokes bill clinton , mlk in inaugural statement <http>		national		neutral		H001058		twitter		information
